BUS TICKETS rPool New BUS HIRE PILGRIMAGES Help Print/SMS Ticket Cancel Ticket Home bus tickets Online Bus Ticket Booking Search for Bus Tickets Online Search Buses WHY BOOK WITH REDBUS SAFETY With Safety+ we have brought in a set of measures like Sanitized buses, mandatory masks etc. to ensure you travel safely. SUPERIOR CUSTOMER SERVICE We put our experience and relationships to good use and are available to solve your travel issues. LOWEST PRICES We always give you the lowest price with the best partner offers. UNMATCHED BENEFITS We take care of your travel beyond ticketing by providing you with innovative and unique benefits. ONLINE BUS TICKET BOOKING VS OFFLINE BUS TICKET BOOKING Hassle-free bus booking from anywhere anytime Wide choice of bus seats, bus types operators. Great offers and cashbacks on booking tickets Unique benefit for women seat selection 24/7 Friendly Customer Care assistance Hassle of reaching bus counter waiting in long queues Not much choice suiting your preference No discounts No unique benefit for women No Friendly assistance FIND BUS TICKET WITH REDBUS Making the right travel arrangements is the genesis of any good holiday. Providing exceptional bus travel arrangements is the mantra that’s followed at redBus. India’s largest online bus ticketing platform has driven the country’s bus booking journey over the past 13 years through thousands of bus operators and routes. Striving to reach new heights when it comes to online bus booking in India, redBus has become the right tool to use to have a smooth bus ticket booking experience. Anybody can use the official website of redBus or the user-friendly app to book their bus tickets from anywhere in the country. From the comfort of your home or from or office or vehicle, people can make an online bus booking with ease. With these successful USPs, redBus has expanded internationally to countries like Singapore, Malaysia, Indonesia, Peru and Columbia. Why book bus tickets through redBus The online bus booking services of redBus offers a plethora of advantages than it’s offline prehistoric booking modes. Firstly, booking a bus ticket through a travel agent or at a counter is in the past. People have begun to recognize the advantages of making an online bus booking. At a counter, people would have to first stand in a queue in front of a particular bus operator. Once they reach the counter, they would have to book a seat among the seats that are available. If a seat isn’t available on the bus of their choice, the dejected customer would then have to stand in another queue in front of another bus operator. Online bus ticket booking with redBus has eliminated these problems that people used to face. With redBus, customers can view every bus that’s available on any given route in India. They do not have to stand in a queue and accept the price and seat that’s given to them by the travel agent or the ticket clerk behind the counter. Customers can view every detail of the bus including updated pictures of the bus, the type of bus, amenities offered, and much more on the redBus website and app. Customers can even avail exclusive discounts which are offered by redBus that cannot be matched by any discount offered by a travel agent or a counter. M-ticket and its advantages Have you ever gone to your boarding point and realized that you did not carry your ticket? That feeling can be terrible especially if it’s for a holiday that you’ve taken leaves or made special arrangements for. The M-ticket initiative by redBus was a game-changer in countless ways. Not only did it put an end to the physical form of a ticket or a printout of a bus ticker but it also ensured that passengers didn’t have to rush back home in case they didn’t have their ticket. Once a passenger completes their bus ticket booking procedure, redBus will confirm that the booking has been made. The bus ticket is then sent to the customer’s registered mobile number in the form of an M-ticket and it’s also sent to the registered email ID of the customer. With redBus’ advanced interface, this process takes a few milliseconds to complete. Customers are advised to carry a government-approved identity card that can be used to prove their identity when they have to board their bus. On-Time Guarantee with redBus The On-Time Guarantee is a unique feature that’s offered by redBus for the benefit of every customer. Look for the “On-Time Guarantee” tag that’s marked against a bus on the route you’ve searched for. If you book bus tickets for your family or yourself on a “On-Time Guarantee” tag, you or your family will fall under the benefits mentioned below: Bus On Time: With this benefit, customers will receive a 25% refund on their bus ticket costs in case the bus that they need to travel in is delayed by 30 minutes. No Bus Cancellation: If you made an online bus booking through redBus and the bus operator cancels the bus without making any alternate arrangements, the customer will receive a 150% refund on their bus ticket costs. Alternate Assurance: If a bus breaks down during the journey, the customers who are traveling on the bus would have to wait for an alternate arrangement to be made by the bus operator. If this arrangement is not made within hours from the time of the breakdown, the customers will be eligible for a 300% refund on their bus tickets. Payment Modes on redBus There are a plethora of payment modes that are available on the redBus website and app. Choose a payment mode that meets your needs and complete the bus ticket booking process. Some of these payment modes that are available are: Debit Card Credit Card Net Banking with banks like: HDFC Bank ICICI Bank Indian Bank Axis Bank State Bank of India and many more Google Pay Amazon Pay where customers can earn Rs.10 to Rs.300 when they book bus tickets for a minimum of Rs.300 and this is applicable once per user when they use Amazon Pay during the offer period PhonePe UPI (Unified Payment Interface) where you will be asked to enter your VPA (Virtual Payment Address) MobiKwik Track my Bus Have you ever reached your boarding point and wondered about the whereabouts of your bus? Have you ever had a heated conversation with the bus operator about the location of your bus? redBus has addressed these worries and more with the “Track My Bus” feature. With this, customers can track their bus on their app to help them plan their journey to the boarding point or to get off at their desired drop-off point. If the passenger has to be picked up from the drop-off point, they can always share the live location of the bus to help them plan their commute to the drop-off location. This feature also adds to improving the safety standards on the bus. Family members can breathe a sigh of relief as they can always keep a track of the location of the bus in which their loved ones are traveling in. Visit https://www.redbus.in/info/track-my-bus and enter the ticket number and registered email ID to track the concerned bus. How to book bus tickets online? Booking a bus or making an online booking has never been this easy thanks to redBus. After setting industry standards that other competitors have struggled to reach, redBus has now raised the bar again by providing a bus booking experience like no other. Customers have to only follow these simple steps to make an online bus booking with redBus: Enter the Source and Destination locations in the “From” and “To” tab respectively Enter the “Date of Journey” and hit the “Search” button Select a bus of your choice from the list of buses that are displayed Select a seat, boarding, and dropping points and hit “Proceed to Book” Key in the “Passenger Information” and “Contact Information” You can even choose to insure your journey so that you will be covered in case of an accident or loss of luggage and then click “Proceed to Pay” Enter the offer code (if applicable), select your mode of payment and complete the payment procedure Once this is done, you will receive an M-ticket on your mobile and an e-ticket on the email ID that was entered under “Contact Information.” redBus offers online bus tickets booking option and also promotes hassle-free bus travel across India. Undergo a quick bus ticketing procedure, choose suitable bus seats, bus type and bus operator then complete your secured online payment in just a few seconds. redBus develops incredible travelling experience from selecting bus type, boarding points and operators to bus reservation at lowest fares. It also provides exciting online discounts and cashbacks upon bus booking making your transactions more rewarding. No more waiting for long hours at bus counters, go ahead, order bus tickets to have a hassle-free booking experience. There are more than 2300+ operators listed on the redBus site and app. They provide services throughout most of the cities in India. Customers can avail a range of exclusive discounts and offers while making a bus ticket booking online. So, what are you waiting for? Trust redBus to offer you cheap bus tickets to luxury buses on a plethora of routes in India. Book bus tickets today through the official website of redBus or by using the user-friendly app. FAQs Q-1). What are the benefits of booking a bus ticket through redBus? A: There are numerous benefits to booking a bus ticket online through redBus such as: 1) Book bus tickets with ease from the comfort of your home or workspace. 2) Quick and easy cancellation and rescheduling options. 3) Exclusive offers and cashback options. 4) M-ticket and e-ticket facilities are available. 4) Wide variety of bus operators, types of buses and routes to choose from. 5) Impeccable customer service. 5) Lower prices. Visit the redBus website or download the app to see the benefits of making a bus ticket booking. Q-2). Can I cancel my bus ticket? A: Yes, you can. All you have to do is log in to the redBus website or app and follow the cancellation procedure. You can even call the customer care number of redBus to get your ticket canceled. Q-3). Can I reschedule my bus ticket? A: First, visit https://www.redbus.in/reschedule and then search for your bus ticket by entering your ticket number and registered email ID. Verify your ticket details and select the date to reschedule your journey. Select a bus operator, verify every detail, and make your payment if any difference in bus ticket prices needs to be cleared. Q-4). Do I need a print out of my bus ticket to board a bus? A: No, you do not. You can present your M-ticket or e-ticket on your mobile device before boarding the bus. It is advisable to carry a government-issued ID to verify your identity before boarding the bus. Q-5). Can I book an RTC bus ticket on redBus? A: Yes, you can. redBus has extended its bus booking services to a number of RTCs in India. Some of these RTCs are Andhra Pradesh State Road Transport Corporation (APSRTC), Assam State Transport Corporation (ASTC), Bihar State Tourism Development Corporation (BSTDC), Gujarat State Road Transport Corporation (GSRTC), Himachal Road Transport Corporation (HRTC), Jammu and Kashmir State Road Transport Corporation (JKSRTC), Kerala RTC, Kadamba Transport Corporation (KTCL), Maharashtra State Road Transport Corporation (MSRTC), Odisha State Road Transport Corporation (OSRTC), Patiala and East Punjab States Union (PEPSU), Puducherry Road Transport Corporation (PRTC), Rajasthan State Road Transport Corporation (RSRTC), South Bengal State Transport Corporation (SBSTC), Tamil Nadu State Transport Corporation (TNSTC), Uttar Pradesh State Road Transport Corporation (UPSRTC), Uttarakhand Transport Corporation (UTC), West Bengal Transport Corporation [WBTC (CTC). Q-6). What does a PNR number on my bus ticket mean? A: PNR stands for 'Passenger Name Record.' This is generally represented as a 10-digit number on your M-ticket or E-ticket. TOP BUS BOOKING ROUTES Select Source: AhmedabadBangaloreChennaiCoimbatoreDelhiGoaHyderabadIndoreMaduraiMumbaiNagpurPuneVijayawadaVisakhapatnam Route Fare(Starting) Ahmedabad to Udaipur INR 200 Book Now Ahmedabad to Mumbai INR 398 Book Now Ahmedabad to Pune INR 400 Book Now Ahmedabad to Indore INR 270 Book Now Ahmedabad to Jamnagar INR 167 Book Now M TICKET VS E TICKET VS COUNTER TICKET An mticket is an SMS that is sent to your mobile after booking a bus ticket. This is an electronic ticket issued and sent to your email after confirmation of your online booking. Counter Ticket is the hard copy of your bus ticket required while boarding the bus. redBus offers impeccable travel services connecting Indian cities together, top routes are: Bangalore To Hyderabad Bus Delhi To Manali Bus Mumbai To Goa Bus Pune To Goa Bus Bangalore To Chennai Bus Delhi To Jaipur Bus Bangalore To Goa Bus Pune To Mumbai Bus Bangalore To Tirupathi Bus Delhi To Shimla Bus Chennai To Tirupathi Bus All Routes A few of the many bus operators that boosts up the redBus inventory are: SRS Travels VRL Travels KPN Travels Neeta Travels Komitla SRM Travels Parveen Travels Patel Travels Kallada Travels All Operators Some of the well-known cities where redBus is constantly catering its bus services are Pune Bus Tickets Delhi Bus Tickets Kolkata Bus Tickets Chennai Bus Tickets Hyderabad Bus Tickets Bangalore Bus Tickets Mumbai Bus Tickets Coorg Bus Tickets Munnar Bus Tickets Ooty Bus Tickets Bhubaneswar Bus Tickets All Cities A few of the many RTCs bus operators that boosts up the redBus inventory are MSRTC APSRTC HRTC UPSRTC RSRTC GSRTC OSRTC PEPSU JKSRTC KTCL All RTCs Top Bus Routes Bangalore to Chennai Bus Hyderabad to Bangalore Bus Pune to Bangalore Bus Mumbai to Bangalore Bus More >> Top Cities Hyderabad Bus Tickets Bangalore Bus Tickets Chennai Bus Tickets Pune Bus Tickets More >> Top RTC's APSRTC MSRTC HRTC UPSRTC More >> Other GSRTC RSRTC KTCL PEPSU More >> Top RTC Bus Types Shivshahi Bus Shivneri Bus Amaravathi Bus Indra Bus Garuda Bus Top Operators SRS Travels Evacay Bus Kallada Travels KPN Travels Orange Travels Parveen Travels Rajdhani Express VRL Travels Chartered Bus Bengal Tiger SRM Travels Infant Jesus Travels JBT Travels Shatabdi Travels Eagle Travels Kanker Roadways Komitla Travels Sri Krishna Travels Humsafar Travels Mahasagar Travels Raj Express Sharma Travels Shrinath Travels Universal Travels Verma Travels Gujarat Travels Madurai Radha Travels Patel Travels Paulo Travels Royal Travels Amarnath Travels Vaibhav Travels Ganesh Travels Jabbar Travels Jain Travels Manish Travels Pradhan Travels YBM Travels Hebron Travels Mahalaxmi travels MR Travels Vivegam Travels VST Travels Jakhar Travels Kaleswari Travels Mahendra Travels Neeta Travels Yamani Travels Arthi Travels Book Bus Tickets Bus Hire Pilgrimage Packages Tempo Traveller About redBus About Us Contact us Mobile Version Agent Registration Careers Traveller Tools Track My Bus Cancellation Print E Ticket FAQ Sitemap Offers Blog Legal Terms Conditions Privacy Policy Cookie Policy Global Site India Indonesia Singapore Malaysia Colombia Peru redBus is the world's largest online bus ticket booking service trusted by over million happy customers globally. redBus offers bus ticket booking through its website,iOS and Android mobile apps for all major routes in India. Ⓒ 2019 ibibogroup All rights reserverd
