Online Courses Audio Books Movies Podcasts K-12th Grade eBooks MOOCs Donate 1,150 Free Movies Online: Great Classics, Indies, Noir, Westerns, etc. 387.6k SHARES Facebook Twitter Reddit Watch 1,150 movies free online. Includes classics, indies, film noir, documentaries and other films, created by some of our greatest actors, actresses and directors. The collection is divided into the following categories: Comedy Drama; Film Noir, Horror Hitchcock; Westerns (many with John Wayne); Martial Arts Movies; Silent Films; Documentaries, and Animation. We also have special collections of Oscar Winning Movies and Films by Andrei Tarkovsky and Charlie Chaplin. Free Comedy Dramas 125 Korean Feature Films Free The Korean Film Archive has put on YouTube over 100 Korean feature films, including Im Kwon-taek’s Sopyonje and Hong Sangsoo's The Day the Pig Fell Into a Well. A bonanza for fans of Korean film. 70 Movies in HD from Famed Russian Studio Mosfilm Free Includes films by Tarkovsky, Eisenstein and Kurosawa. These all appear on Mosfilm's official YouTube channel. A Farewell to Arms Free Gary Cooper and Helen Hayes star in a film based on famous novel by Ernest Hemingway. (1932) A Hunting Accident Free Soviet romantic drama directed by Emil Loteanu, adapted from Anton Chekhov's "The Shooting Party." It was entered into the 1978 Cannes Film Festival. Click "CC" for titles. (1978) A Matter of Life and Death Free Romantic fantasy film created by the British writing-directing-producing team of Michael Powell and Emeric Pressburger, and set in England during the Second World War. It stars David Niven, Roger Livesey, Kim Hunter, Marius Goring and Raymond Massey. (1946) A Song of Love Free The only film by playwright Jean Genet. The erotic film was censored. (1950) A Star is Born Free Janet Gaynor portrays Esther Blodgett, a starry-eyed small town girl with a dream of making it big in Hollywood. (1937) Adventures of Robinson Crusoe Free The classic novel by Daniel Defoe gets adapted by the great Luis Buñuel. (1954) Afonya Free Directed by Georgi Daneliya, this Soviet comedy film became an unexpected blockbuster. It's made available by the Russian film studio Mosfilm. Click "cc" to get subtitles. (1975) Alexander Nevsky Free A historical drama film directed by the great Russian filmmaker Sergei Eisenstein. (1938) Angel on My Shoulder Free A gangster comedy starring Claude Rains and Paul Muni. (1946) As You Like It Free It's Laurence Olivier's earliest Shakespeare performance on film. It's also the first feature-length British sound Shakespeare film. (1936) Becky Sharp Free The first feature film to use three-strip Technicolor film, or, put differently, the first real color film. (1935). Blade Runner 2049 Prequels Free Three short official prequels for Blade Runner 2049 have been released, advancing the Blade Runner story. One is shot by respected Japanese animator Shinichiro Watanabe. (2017) Cannibal! The Musical Free Black comedy by Trey Parker and Matt Stone, the makers of South Park. Their very first feature film. (1993) Captain Kidd Free Charles Laughton and John Carradine star in film with drama on the high seas. (1945) Castello Cavalcanti Free Wes Anderson's short film takes place in a hamlet tucked away somewhere in Italy. Features Jason Schwartzman, star of Anderson’s 1998 breakout Rushmore. (2013) Charade Free Cary Grant and Audrey Hepburn star in the best Hitchcock film that Hitchcock never made. (1963) Charade Free The film consists of three short stories starring James Mason and his wife Pamela Mason. (1953) collective:unconscious Free Five indie filmmakers adapt each other's dreams for the screen. The New Yorker's Richard Brody called it one of his favorite films at the 2016 SXSW film festival. (2016) Cold Sweat Free Charles Bronson, Liv Ullman, James Mason, and Jill Ireland star in this action packed movie about a ruthless drug runner who holds a man's family hostage. (1970) Crash: The Short Film Free Otherwise known as The Atrocity Exhibition, this pre-Cronenberg short film was directed by Harley Cokeliss and stars J.G. Ballard himself. (1971) Cyrano De Bergerac Free Michael Gordon's tale based on the classic French tale. (1950) Darwin Free 53-minute exploration of the life and work of Charles Darwin by Peter Greenaway. (1993) Détour Free A short charming film shot by Michel Gondry purely on his iPhone. (2017) Diary Free Short film by Tim Hetherington (director of Restrepo) that reflects on his ten years of war reporting. (2010) Dinner for One Free A short comedy film that has become part of a New Year's Eve tradition in Germany and many other European countries. Once held the Guinness World Record for Most Frequently Repeated TV Program. (1963) Doodlebug Free One of Christopher Nolan's early short films. Made in 1997, released in 2003. Dreams That Money Can Buy Free A surrealist film by Man Ray, Marcel Duchamp, Alexander Calder, Fernand Léger Hans Richter. (1947) Duet for Cannibals Free A tale of emotional cannibalism by Susan Sontag. A pair of psychological sexual cannibals come close to devouring a younger couple. (1969) Eat, Sleep Kiss Free Three silent anti-films by Andy Warhol. (1963-1964) Edgar Allan Poe’s the Raven Free Winner of the Best Short at the H.P. Lovecraft Film Festival, this film modernizes Poe's story, situating it in Hollywood 1959. (2011) End of the World Free After witnessing a man's death in a bizarre accident, Father Pergado goes on a spiritual retreat, where he encounters his alien double bent on world conquest. Sci-fi film stars Christopher Lee. (1977) Enthusiasm Free Dziga Vertov's masterpiece of early sound film, Enthusiasm deals with the Five Year Plan of the late 1920s. His goal was "to grasp the feverish reality of life in the Don Basin, to convey as true to life as possible its atmosphere of the clash of hammers, of train whistles, of the songs of workers at rest." In Russian. (1931) Erotikon Free Directed by Czech filmmaker Gustav Machatý and starring Hedy Lamarr, the film was controversial in its time because it had nude scenes. It was the first non-pornographic movie to portray sexual intercourse and the female orgasm. (1929) Evidence Free From the maker of Koyaanisqatsi, a short film about kids watching cartoons (1995). Fear and Desire Free An uncut print of Stanley Kubrick's "lost" early film. Kubrick didn't like how his first film came out, so removed it from circulation. (1953) 300 x 250 books new 2019 Fight for Your Right Revisited Free Adam Yauch commemorates the Beastie Boys’ legendary video for (You Gotta) Fight for Your Right (To Party!). 30 minute surreal film stars Elijah Wood, Danny McBride and Seth Rogen. (2011) Five Minutes to Live Free Amazing bank heist movie stars Johnny Cash, Vic Tayback, Ron Howard, and country music great, Merle Travis. (1961) Flamenco at 5:15 Free Oscar-winning short film about a flamenco dance class given to senior students. Made available by the National Film Board of Canada. (1983) Franz Kafka's It's a Wonderful Life Free Directed by Peter Capaldi, the Oscar-winning short film shows Kafka, on Christmas Eve, struggling to come up with the opening line for his most famous work, The Metamorphosis (1993) Freiheit Free The third short film George Lucas made while a film-school student at USC and the first with a narrative. (1966) From the Drain Free David Cronenberg‘s short film made while attending the University of Toronto. (1967) Geometria Free A ghoulish short film by Guillermo del Toro. One of his earliest films that you can watch online. (1987) Ghost Train Free Classic ghostly comedy, starring Arthur Askey and based on the play by 'Dad's Army' actor Arnold Ridley. (1941) Great Expectations Free -The classic story of Pip the British orphan. Based on the great Charles Dickens novel available in our collection of Free eBooks (1946) Hardware Wars Free It's the mother of all Star Wars fan films, and also one of the most popular short films ever made. (1978) Häxan: The Witches or Witchcraft Through The Ages Free Benjamin Christensen’s 1922 silent film Häxan gets a narration by William S. Burroughs. (1968) Hell's Angels Free American war film, directed by Howard Hughes and starring Jean Harlow, about combat pilots of World War I. Stanley Kubrick listed it as one of his 10 favorite films on his only top 10 list. (1930) Hell's House Free With Bette Davis and Pat O'Brien. The film is set during the final days of prohibition. (1932) Herbert White Free James Franco's short film made during film school. Stars Michael Shannon. Based on a poem by Frank Bidart. (2010) Hercules Free Italian epic fantasy feature film based upon the Hercules myths. (1958) Hi Diddle Diddle Free When the bride's mother is supposedly swindled out of her money by a spurned suitor, the groom's father orchestrates a scheme of his own to set things right. Quentin Tarantino named it one of the best films of all time. (1943) His Girl Friday Free Directed by Howard Hawks. A classic comedy starring Cary Grant, Rosalind Russell and Ralph Bellamy. (1940) Hometown in My Heart Free Made in the early years of Korean Independence, the film is about a young monk who longs to see his mother in a new light, by suppressing his emotions. (1949) Human: The Movie Free By director, photographer, and environmental activist Yann Arthus-Bertrand, this unique film features interviews with 2,020 people from 60 countries on what it means to be human. (2015) I Thought I Told You to Shut Up Free A short film narrated by Jonathan Demme about the making of the 1970s underground comic, Reid Fleming: World’s Toughest Milkman. (2015) Impressions de la haute Mongolie Free Surrealist false documentary directed by Salvador Dalí and José Montes-Baquer, starring Salvador Dalí himself. (1976) Indiscreet Free Features superstar Gloria Swanson and directed by Leo McCarey. A comedy that's almost Chaplinesque. (1931) It Seemed Like a Good Idea at the Time Free Anthony Newley plays a poor avant-garde artist who struggles with an ex-wife's remarriage to a building contractor. (1975) Ivan Vasilievich Changes Profession Free Soviet comic sci-fi film directed by Leonid Gaidai, based on the play Ivan Vasilievich by Mikhail Bulgakov. A huge Soviet blockbuster. Click "CC" for subtitles. (1973) J'attendrai le suivant Free A French film nominated for an Academy Award for the Best Short Film in 2002. Jungle Book Free A color action-adventure film based on the Rudyard Kipling' novel, The Jungle Book. Directed by Zoltán Korda, the film was nominated for four Academy Awards. (1942) Killer Drill Free Directed by Lewis D. Collins, Killer Drill is about the Door-to-door salesman Johnny Dill, an exact double of a notorious gangster, who finds himself struck between the forces of good and evil. (1947) King Lear Free Made for TV adaptation of Shakespeare's King Lear starring Orson Welles. (1953) La Dialectique Peut-Elle Casser Des Briques? (Can Dialectics Break Bricks?) Free A French Situationist film produced by René Viénet which explores the development of class conflict through revolutionary agitation against a backdrop of graphic kung-fu fighting. (1973) La Femme 100 Tetes Free An adaptation of Max Ernst's collage book "La femme 100 têtes," originally published in 1929. Consider the film a collage in motion. (1967) L’Age d’or Free French surrealist comedy directed by Luis Buñuel about the insanities of modern life, the hypocrisy of the sexual mores of bourgeois society and the value system of the Roman Catholic Church. Salvador Dalí co-wrote the screenplay. (1930) Lady Blue Shanghai Free David Lynch's short movie that doubles as a commercial for Dior. Stars Marion Cotillard. (2010) Lady Lazarus Free An experimental film made by Sandra Lahire using footage of Sylvia Plath reading her own work as well as an interview she gave in 1962. (1991) Lick the Star Free Sofia Coppola's very first short film follows a 7th-grade conspiracy (1998) Love and Pigeons Free Soviet romantic comedy film by Vladimir Menshov. His previous film Moscow Does Not Believe In Tears received the Academy Award for Best Foreign Language Film. (1984) Lumiere Free A very short film by David Lynch. 55 seconds. (1966) M Free Classic film directed by Fritz Lang, with Peter Lorre. About the search for a child murderer in Berlin, (1931) Meet John Doe Free Frank Capra's comedy, with Gary Cooper and Barbara Stanwyck. Voted one of the most inspiring films of all time. (1941) Meetin’ WA Free In a short film Jean-Luc Godard meets Woody Allen. (1986) Menthe Free The second film by Lars von Trier is based on the sadomasochistic novel by Dominique Aury, Story of O, and tells the story of a voluntary female subjugation. (1979) Metamorfosis Free -Franz Kafka’s best-known short story gets adapted into a Tim Burtonesque Spanish short film (2004) Mike Leigh's Five Minute Films Free The BBC commissioned him to make a series of five-minute movies in 1975. They eventually aired in 1982. My Best Friend's Birthday Free First (incomplete) film directed by Quentin Tarantino. Some good rockabilly fun. (1987) Mulberry Free S. Korean drama film directed by Lee Doo-yong. The film became "known for its erotic subject matter, made possible by the government's gradual relaxation of censorship and control over the film industry during the 1980s." (1986) Murder in Harlem Free Film by Oscar Micheaux, the first African-American to produce a feature-length film (1920) and sound movie (1931). His films provide a window into American views on race. (1935) No Exit/Huis Close Free Harold Pinter interprets the lead role of Garcia in Sartre's famous claustrophobic play of self-definition and identity. (1965) Our Town Free Film adaptation of a play of the same name by Thornton Wilder starring William Holden, Martha Scott, Fay Bainter, Beulah Bondi, Thomas Mitchell, Guy Kibbee and Frank Craven. Find Alternate version. (1940) Penny Serenade Free With Cary Grant and Irene Dunne. "Depicts the story of a couple who must overcome adversity to keep their marriage and raise a child. Grant was nominated for the Academy Award for Best Actor for his performance." (1941) Plaisir d'amour en Iran Free A short, six minute film by Agnès Varda, about a love story between a handsome Iranian (Ali Raffi) and a visiting French woman (Valérie Mairesse). The film was shot in Iran. (1976) Plan from Outer Space Free An Ed Wood "classic." Considered one of the worst films ever made and yet the ultimate cult flick. (1959) Plastic Bag Free Werner Herzog narrates the touching, existential journey of a plastic bag. A short film directed by Ramin Bahrani, who Roger Ebert called the “new great American director”. (2009) Pygmalion Free Classic is based on George Bernard Shaw's play. Won Oscar for best screenplay. (1938) ¡Que viva México! Free A film project begun in 1930 by Russian avant-garde filmmaker Sergei Eisenstein portraying Mexican culture and politics from pre-Conquest civilization to the Mexican revolution. The troubled film was eventually abandoned. Rakka Free Starring Sigourney Weaver, "Rakka" takes us inside the aftermath of an alien invasion sometime in the year 2020. (2017) Reefer Madness Free Arguably the most unintentionally hilarious “anti-drug” exploitation film. (1936) Rembrandt Free A luminous biopic of the legendary Dutch painter. Alexander Korda considered this to be his finest film. (1936) Romance Sentimentale Free Directed by Sergei Eisenstein. (1930) Royal Wedding Free Musical comedy film starring Fred Astaire and Jane Powell, with music by Burton Lane and lyrics by Alan Jay Lerner. (1951) Ruslan and Ludmila Free Russian film directed by Aleksandr Ptushko. Based on poem written by Alexander Pushkin in 1820. Subtitled in English. Made available by Mosfilm. (1972) Scrooge Free The first sound version of Dickens' classic, A Christmas Carol. Directed by Henry Edwards (1935) Secret Weapons Free David Cronenberg's seldom seen made-for-TV movie. (1972) Sex Madness Free This is to sex what Reefer Madness is to drugs. YouTube version here. (1938) Shame Free Produced by Roger Corman and starring William Shatner. Mystery film about a man sent into a southern town to stir up race riots. Find alternate version on Youtube here. (1962) Sherlock Holmes and the Secret Weapon Free Sherlock Holmes rescues an inventor of an new bomb site before the Nazis can get him. (1943) Six Men Getting Sick (Six Times) Free David Lynch`s very first short film. (1966) Slacker Free Richard Linklater's Gen-X, generation defining indie film. (1991) Sopyonje Free The film directed by Kwon-taek Im surprised S. Korea by both rekindling interest in the traditional music of pansori and by breaking box-office records despite playing on only three screens. You can find more Korean feature films at Korean Film Archive. (1993) Spider Baby Free A black comedy horror film, written and directed by Jack Hill. Stars Lon Chaney Jr. (1968) Strike Free Sergei Eisenstein's first feature film and an indicator of the brilliant films to follow. (1925) Terror by Night Free Sherlock Holmes film, the thirteenth to star Basil Rathbone and Nigel Bruce and was directed by Roy William Neill. The story revolves around the theft of a famous diamond aboard a train. (1946) Thanksgiving Prayer Free A short film by Gus Van Sant wherein William S. Burroughs reads a sarcastic Thanksgiving Prayer. (1988) The Amazing Quest of Ernest Bliss Free Cary Grant plays a rich socialite, who makes a bet with his therapist that he can make a living for one year using none of his current wealth. (1936) The Bigamist Free Directed by Ida Lupino, a pioneer among women filmmakers. (1953) The Blood of a Poet Free Avant-garde film directed by Jean Cocteau. The first part of the Orphic Trilogy. (1930) The Blue Angel Free The Weimar classic that made Marlene Dietrich an international star. (1930) The Contender Free Stars Buster Crabbe (best known for his role as Tarzan) in well known boxing film. (1944) The Cut Ups Free Directed by Anthony Balch, this avant-garde film brings William S. Burroughs' cut up technique to film. (1966) The Day the Pig Fell Into a Well Free The very first picture from Hong Sangsoo, a S. Korean director acclaimed by critics worldwide as a comedic formal experimenter, in essence Korea’s Woody Allen. (1996) The Dentist Free W.C. Fields in his second talking comedy short. One of four short films Fields made with the "king of comedy," Mack Sennett. (1932) The Diamond Arm Free Directed by Leonid Gaidai, the film has become a Russian cult film and is considered to be one of the finest comedies of its time. (1969) The Discipline of D.E. Free Gus Van Sant's short, 16 mm, black and white adaptation of William S. Burroughs' short story. (1978) The Divorce of Lady X Free British romantic comedy film starring Laurence Olivier and Merle Oberon (1938). The Dove Free A parody of some of Ingmar Bergman's best known films, including Wild Strawberries (Smultronstaellet) and The Seventh Seal (Det Sjunde Inseglet). Features first film appearance by Madeline Kahn. Nominated for Academy Award. (1968) The Fall of the House of Usher Free Poe’s classic tale turned into an avant garde film. It was scripted by e.e. cummings. (1928) The Fast And The Furious Free A 1950s B-action film written by Roger Corman. (1955) The Flying Deuces Free This was the first comedy that Laurel and Hardy starred in without producer Hal Roach, although they had previously been "guest stars" in four MGM movies. (1939) The Girls Free A comedy-drama directed by Yuri Chulyukin, the film became one of the most popular Soviet films of the 60s. Click "cc" for subtitles. (1961) The Great Saint Louis Bank Robbery Free Steve McQueen stars in a gritty, downbeat, and sometimes savage heist movie. (1959) The Hire Free Eight short films made by famous directors (John Frankenheimer, Guy Ritchie, Joe Carnahan, Tony Scott, Alejandro González Iñárritu, John Woo, Wong Kar-wai, Ang Lee) for BMW. Stars Clive Owens. (2001-2002) The Jackie Robinson Story Free Starring Jackie Robinson himself, the film retraces the life and times of the great baseball player and civil rights figure. (1950) The Jungle Book Free Directed by Zoltan Korda, it starred Sabu, Jospeh Calleia, John Qualen, Frank Puglia, etc. (1942) The Last Farm Free Short Icelandic film nominated for Oscar in 2006. The Last Man on Earth Free Post apocalyptic horror film starring Vincent Price and based on Richard Matheson novel I Am Legend. (1964) The Last Time I Saw Paris Free Elizabeth Taylor and Van Johnson star in romantic drama based on F. Scott Fitzgerald 's story "Babylon Revisited." YouTube version here. (1953) The Legend of Hallowdega Free Black comedy mockumentary directed by Terry Gilliam. Stars David Arquette and Justin Kirk, with appearances by Dale Earnhardt Jr. and Darrell Waltrip. (2010) The Little Shop of Horrors Free Directed by Roger Corman with Jack Nicholson. It's is a farce about an inadequate florist's assistant who cultivates a plant that feeds on human flesh and blood. (1960) The Living Wake Free Dark comedy chronicles the final day of self-proclaimed artist and genius, K. Roth Binew. Mike O'Connell, Jim Gaffigan and Jill Larson. (2007) The Lunch Date Free Adam Davidson's commentary on race in America. The short film won an Oscar and a prize at Cannes. (1989) The Metamorphosis – A Study: Nabokov on Kafka Free A dramatization of Vladimir Nabokov's lectures on Kafka novella, The Metamorphosis. Stars Christopher Plummer. (1989) The Night of Counting the Years Free Directed by Shadi Abdel Salam, this film is considered one of the finest Egyptian films ever made. (1969) The Orchid Gardener Free A young, mentally ill man, a visual artist in crisis Victor Marse (Lars von Trier) meets two nurses (Eliza and her girlfriend) during his stay in a sanatorium. Bizarre things happen next in an experimental film with a mysterious and symbolic plot (1977) The Painted Desert -Free Notable for being Clark Gable's first appearance in a talkie film. (1931) The Parrot Sings with Her Whole Body Free Directed by Jung Jin-woo, this S. Korean film is meant for mature audiences. (1981) The Phantom Fiend Free The first sound remake of the 1927 Alfred Hitchcock classic, The Lodger. Stars Ivor Novello and directed by Maurice Elvey. The Quest Free Saul Bass’s trippy, kitschy short film based on a Ray Bradbury short story. (1983) The Road to Race Track Free A South Korean film directed by Jang Sun-Woo based on the controversial novel by Hailji. (1991) The Scarlet Letter Free Robert G. Vignola's adaptation of Nathaniel Hawthorne's classic. (1934) The Scarlet Pimpernel Free Adaptation of the classic adventure novel by Baroness Orczy. Stars Leslie Howard and Merle Oberon. (1934) The Short Films of Louis CK Free A collection of nine short films created by the comedian between 1993 and 1999. The Skin Game Free A 1931 Hitchcock film based on a play by John Galsworthy recounts the tragic tale of a family feud. (1931) The Snows of Kilimanjaro Free Based on Hemingway's classic novel set in Africa. Stars Gregory Peck. (1952) The Stranger Free Directed by Orson Welles and starring Edward G. Robinson and Loretta Young. This was Orson Welles' only major box office success. Alternative version on Archive.org. (1946) The Taming of the Shrew Free The first sound adaptation of a Shakespeare film ever. Stars Mary Pickford and her husband Douglas Fairbanks. (1929) The Testament of Dr. Mabuse Free Directed by Fritz Lang, this was the sequel to Lang's nearly four-hour silent film Dr. Mabuse shot in 1922. (1933) The Wild Ride Free A cult classic that features Jack Nicholson playing a rebellious punk in one of his first roles. (1960) The Woman in Green Free Sherlock Holmes investigates when young women around London turn up murdered, each with a finger severed off. Scotland Yard suspects a madman, but Holmes believes the killings to be part of a diabolical plot. Stars Basil Rathbone as Holmes and Nigel Bruce as Dr. Watson. (1945) The World of Stainboy Free A series of flash animation shorts created by Tim Burton. The Stainboy character first appeared in two short poems in the book The Melancholy Death of Oyster Boy Other Stories, also created and illustrated by Tim Burton. (2000) The Young Lovers Free Directed by Ida Lupino, this 1950 film tells the tale of a newly engaged woman who contracts polio. Film was also titled Never Fear. Alternate version here. Things to Come Free A British sci-fi film produced by Alexander Korda and directed by William Cameron Menzies. The screenplay was written by H. G. Wells, and predicted a grim future for the world. We have background on the film here. (1934) Tuileries Free A short twisted film by Joel and Ethan Coen. Stars Steve Buscemi and takes place in Paris. (2006) Two Men Free An award-winning short film adapts Franz Kafka's short story, “Passers-by." Set in aboriginal Australia. (2009) Uncle Vanya Free Adaptation of the Anton Chekhov play of the same title. Directed by Andrey Konchalovskiy. Click "CC" for subtitles. (1970) Utopia Free Laurel Hardy's last film. (1951) Vinyl Free Andy Warhol's loose film adaptation of Anthony Burgess' A Clockwork Orange. (1965) Virus Free Post-apocalyptic sci-fi movie directed by Kinji Fukasaku and based on a novel written by Sakyo Komatsu. (1980) Voyage to the Planet of Prehistoric Women Free An early film by "New Hollywood" director Peter Bogdanovich (1968). Waiting for Godot Free Performances of Waiting for Godot directed by none other than Samuel Beckett himself. (1985) We Are Jazzmen Free Directed by Mr. Karen Shakhnazarov, the film chronicles the emergence of jazz during the 1920s in Soviet Russia. It's made available by the Russian film studio, Mosfilm. Click "cc" to get subtitles. (1983) White Tiger Free A Russian action war film directed by Karen Shakhnazarov, and based on a novel by Ilya Boyashov. The film was put online by the Russian film studio, Mosfilm. Click "cc" to get subtitles. (2012) Why Try to Escape from Which You Know You Can't Escape from? Because You Are a Coward Free An early film by Lars von Trier. (1970) Zéro de Conduite (Zero for Conduct) Free Originally banned in France, the film was later honored by Truffaut in The 400 Blows. (1933) Free Hitchcock, Noir, Horror Thriller Films A Bucket of Blood Free Roger Corman's classic comedy/horror film set in Bohemian San Francisco. Shot in days for $50,000. Internet Archive version here. (1959) A Life at Stake Free Directed by Paul Guilfoyle, this American noir film stars Angela Lansbury and Keith Andes. (1954) And Then There Were None Free Film adaptation of Agatha Christie's best-selling mystery novel directed by René Clair. (1945) Angel on My Shoulder Free A gangster comedy starring Claude Rains and Paul Muni. (1946) Beat the Devil – Free – Directed by John Huston and starring Humphrey Bogart, the film is something of a comic and dramatic spoof of the film noir tradition. (1953) Behind Green Lights – Free – Stars Carole Landis, John Ireland. Police lieutenant Sam Carson investigates a political murder after the victim is dumped at the door of police headquarters. (1946) Big Bluff Free – Directed by W. Lee Wilder. When a scheming fortune hunter finds his rich wife is not going to die as expected, he and his lover make other plans to get her millions. (1955) Blood on the Sun Free A film starring James Cagney and Sylvia Sidney is based on a fictional history behind the Tanaka Memorial document. It won the Academy Award for Best Art Direction for a Black White in 1945. In 1973, the film entered the public domain. (1945) Bon Voyage Free A French language WWII propaganda film by Alfred Hitchcock. (1944) Blonde Ice Free A society reporter keeps herself in the headlines by marrying a series of wealthy men. They all die mysteriously afterwards though. (1948) Bluebeard Free Directed by Edgar G. Ulmer and starring John Carradine, this film became a cult classic for horror fans. (1944) Borderline Free Two undercover agents infiltrate a drug-smuggling ring in Mexico, but neither is aware of the other's identity. Stars Fred MacMurray, Claire Trevor and Raymond Burr. (1950) Carnival of Souls Free An American independent horror film directed by Herk Harvey for $33,000, the film, although not originally popular, eventually became a cult classic. The "plot follows a young woman whose life is disturbed after a car accident, finding herself drawn to the pavilion of an abandoned carnival." (1962) Cause for Alarm! Free Ellen (Loretta Young) narrates the tale of "the most terrifying day of my life", how she was taking care of her bedridden husband George Z. Jones (Barry Sullivan) when he suddenly dropped dead. (1951) Dementia Free Also called Daughter of Horror, this film by John Parker incorporated elements of horror film, film noir and expressionist film. About the film, Cahiers du cinema wrote "To what degree this film is a work of art, we are not certain but, in any case, it is strong stuff." (1955) Dementia 13- Free A horror film that was one of Francis Ford Coppola's early mainstream efforts. HD widescreen version here. (1963) Detour Free Edgar Ulmer's cult classic noir film shot in days. (1945) Dick Tracy Free A 15 episode film series that brought Dick Tracy to the silver screen. (1937) Dick Tracy Meets Gruesome Free Dick Tracy film from 1947 stars Boris Karloff as Gruesome. (1947) D.O.A. Free Rudolph Maté's classic noir film. Called “one of the most accomplished, innovative, and downright twisted entrants to the film noir genre.” You can also watch the movie here. (1950) Dressed to Kill Free The last of 14 films starring Basil Rathbone as Sherlock Holmes and Nigel Bruce as Doctor Watson. (1941) Port of New York Free Two narcotics agents go after a gang of murderous drug dealers who use ships docking at the New York harbor to smuggle in their contraband. First film in which Yul Brynner appeared. (1949) Great Guy Free James Cagney plays the plucky Irish crusader, Johnny Cave, who fights against corruption. (1936) Guest in the House – Free – Directed by John Brahm, the noir film stars Anne Baxter, Ralph Bellamy, Aline MacMahon. (1946) He Walked by Night – Free – Film-noir drama, told in semi-documentary style, follows police on the hunt for a resourceful criminal. This move became the basis for "Dragnet," and stars Jack Webb. Archive.org version here. (1948) Horror Express Free Spanish horror film starring Telly Savalas of Kojak fame. Impact Free Arthur Lubin's well reviewed noir flic. Considered a little known classic you need to watch. (1940) Inner Sanctum Free A gripping noir film about "a murderer who is on the lam and hiding out in a small town. Unbeknownst to him, he is not only hiding in the same boarding house as the only witness to his crime, he is sharing the same room." (1948) Invisible Ghost Free Bela Lugosi stars in film where a town's leading citizen becomes a homocidal maniac after his wife deserts him. Alternate version here. (1941) Jamaica Inn Free A young woman discovers that she's living near a gang of criminals who arrange shipwrecks for profit. Stars Maureen O'Hara, Robert Newton and Charles Laughton. (1939) Jigsaw Free Directed by Fletcher Markle, and starring Franchot Tone, Jean Wallace and Marc Lawrence, the film features cameo appearances by Marlene Dietrich and Henry Fonda. (1949) Judex Free Directed by French filmmaker Georges Franju, this crime film is a remake of the 1916 film serial documenting the adventures of pulp hero Judex. (1963) Kansas City Confidential Free A film noir gem that inspired Quentin Tarantino's Reservoir Dogs. (1953) Key Lime Pie Free A zany animated film in the noir tradition. (2007) Lady in the Death House Free Stars Jean Parker, Lionel Atwill and Douglas Fowley. A young woman is on death row for the murder of a man who was blackmailing her family, though she claims she was framed. And the story goes from there. (1944) Man in the Attic Free Jack Palance as Jack the Ripper! (1954) Night of the Living Dead Free George A. Romero’s Night of the Living Dead is the urtext of the modern zombie movie. (1968) Please Murder Me Free Lawyer Raymond Burr brilliantly defends Angela Lansbury in 1950s noir film. (1956) Pulgasari Free A North Korean Godzilla-style film produced by South Korean director Shin Sang-ok, who had been kidnapped in 1978 by North Korean intelligence on the orders of Kim Jong-il. (1985) Quicksand Free Noir film with Mickey Rooney and Peter Lorre. (1950) Sabotage – Free – Alfred Hitchcock directs this British thriller based on Joseph Conrad’s novel The Secret Agent. Also released as The Woman Alone. Alternative version here. (1936) Scarlet Street Free Directed by Fritz Lang with Edward G. Robinson. A film noir great. (1945) Secret Agent Free Directed by Alfred Hitchcock, this film was loosely based on stories by W. Somerset Maugham. Stars John Gielgud, Peter Lorre, Madeleine Carroll and Robert Young. (1936) Seven Sinners Free British thriller film directed by Albert de Courville and starring Edmund Lowe, Constance Cummings and Felix Aylmer. (1936) Shed No Tears Free Until recently, this film starring Wallace Ford and June Vincent was nearly impossible to find. Now it's online thanks to Archive.org. (1948) Sherlock Holmes and the Secret Weapon Free Sherlock Holmes rescues an inventor of an new bomb site before the Nazis can get him. (1943) Shock Free –This film noir tells the story of psychiatrist Dr. Cross (Vincent Price), who is treating Janet Stewart (Anabel Shaw), a young woman who is in a catatonic state. The coma was brought on when she heard loud arguing, went to her window, and saw a man strike his wife with a candlestick and kill her. (1946) Silent Night, Bloody Night Free An under-rated horror/slasher/mystery film -- starring Patrick O'Neal, Mary Woronov, and John Carradine -- that has fallen into the public domain. (1974) Strange Illusion Free B-movie update of “Hamlet” has troubled teen Jimmy Lydon doubting smooth-talker Warren Williams who is wooing his mother. (1945) Suddenly Free Noir film with Frank Sinatra and James Gleason. (1954) Swamp Women Free One of Roger Corman's first films. A crime/horror film that follows undercover police officer Lee Hampton who joins three female convicts and escapes from prison. (1955) The 39 Steps Free One of Alfred Hitchcock's first hits. British thriller is based on novel with same name by John Buchan. (1935) The Adventures of Sherlock Holmes Free The film is adapted from the 1899 play "Sherlock Holmes" by William Gillette, and stars Basil Rathbone, Nigel Bruce, Ida Lupino, George Zucco and Alan Marshal. (1939) The Amazing Mr. X Free Noir film directed by Bernard Vorhaus with cinematography by John Alton. The film tells the story of a phony spiritualist racket. (1948). The Big Combo Free Directed by Joseph Lewis, this film is today considered a noir classic. Critics like to focus on the cinematography of John Alton, a noir icon. (1955) The Capture Free Lew Ayres is an oil man who guns down a thief who may have been innocent. (1950) The Chase Free An American noir film directed by Arthur Ripley, based on the Cornell Woolrich novel The Black Path of Fear. (1946) The Driller Killer Free Abel Ferrara's cult classic slasher film. (1979) The File on Thelma Jordan Free This noir directed by Robert Siodmak features Barbara Stanwyck and Wendell Corey. At the time Variety said, "Thelma Jordon unfolds as an interesting, femme-slanted melodrama, told with a lot of restrained excitement." (1950) The Great Flamarion Free Vaudeville star Erich von Stroheim entangled with married assistant. Directed by Anthony Mann. (1945) The Green Glove Free A World War II veteran in France, played by Glen Ford, gets mixed up in murder while investigating a stolen treasure. Directed by Rudolph Maté. Alternate version here. (1952) The Hoodlum Free Lawrence Tierney ("Reservoir Dogs") plays an unreformed, hardened criminal who has just been released from prison. While working at his brother's gas station, he becomes very interested in the armored car that makes regular stops at the bank across the street. (1951) The Hitch-Hiker Free The first noir film made by a female director, Ida Lupino. (1953) The House on Haunted Hill Free Vincent Price gives a stellar performance as the suavely malevolent host of a "haunted house party." (1959) The Image Free A short horror film that happened to be the first film that David Bowie starred in. (1967) The Intruder Free Directed by Roger Corman, the film is based on a novel by Charles Beaumont and stars William Shatner. (1962) The Kennel Murder Case Free Notes Roger Ebert, "Film historians such as William K. Everson, who pronounced The Kennel Murder Case a "masterpiece" (in the August 1984 issue of Films in Review), consider it one of the greatest screen adaptations of a Golden Age mystery novel. (1933) The Limping Man Free Stars Lloyd Bridges and Moira Lister. A WWII veteran goes back to England after the war only to discover that his wartime sweetheart has got mixed up with a dangerous spy ring. (1953) The Lodger: A Story of the London Fog Free One of Hitchcock’s silent classics. A landlady suspects her lodger is a murderer killing women around London. It's said that this is Hitchcock's first "Hitchcockian" film. (1927) The Man Who Cheated Himself – Free – Some call it “an under-appreciated and little known gem.” Stars Lee J. Cobb, John Dall, Jane Wyatt, and Lisa Howard. YouTube version here. (1951) The Naked Kiss Free Constance Towers is a prostitute trying to start new in a small town. Directed by Sam Fuller. (1964) The Pearl of Death Free Directed by Roy William Neill, the film is based on characters created by Sir Arthur Conan Doyle. It stars Basil Rathbone, Nigel Bruce, and Dennis Hoey. (1944) The Pleasure Garden Free After several collaborative efforts, Hitchcock made his solo directorial debut in the German-British co-production based on a novel by Oliver Sandys. The Red House Free A noir psychological thriller starring Edward G. Robinson. Here's the gist of the plot: "An old man and his sister are concealing a terrible secret from their adopted teen daughter, concerning a hidden abandon farmhouse, located deep in the woods." (1947) The Second Woman Free – Directed by James Kern and starring Betsy Drake, this lesser known noir film gets some good reviews. (1951) The Skin Game Free A 1931 Hitchcock film based on a play by John Galsworthy recounts the tragic tale of a family feud. (1931) The Strange Love of Martha Ivers Free Noir film starting Barbara Stanwyck, Van Heflin and Kirk Douglas. Entered into 1947 Cannes Film Festival. (1946) The Strange Woman Free Edgar G. Ulmer's femme fatale film starring Hedy Lamarr. (1946) The Terror Free With Jack Nicholson Boris Karloff, and partly shot by Francis Ford Coppola. Movie is at bottom of the linked page. (1963) The Time of Your Life Free Adapted from the 1939 William Saroyan play of the same title (the play won the Pulitzer Prize), the film stars James Cagney and William Bendix. (1948) The Thirteenth Guest Free A pre-code mystery comedy thriller film with Ginger Rogers, based on the 1929 novel by crime fiction writer Armitage Trail, also author of the novel Scarface. (1932) They Made Me a Criminal Free Boxer John Garfield flees believing he has committed a murder while he was drunk. Pursued by Claude Rains, he meets up with the Dead End Kids. (1939) Time Table Free After the theft of $500,000 in a carefully executed train robbery, an insurance investigator (Mark Stevens, who also doubled as director and producer) is forced to cancel a planned vacation with his wife to assist a railroad detective in identifying the culprits and recovering the money. Alternate version here. (1956) Too Late for Tears Free Directed by Byron Haskin and based on a novel by Roy Huggins, Too Late for Tears is pure noir. (1949) Topper Returns Free A sassy girl finds herself dead after trading bedrooms with her heiress friend. Her ghost seeks aid from banker Cosmo Topper to find out why and by whom. Joan Blondell, Roland Young, Carole Landis. (1941) Tormented Free A man lets a former flame fall to her death rather than let her interfere with his new relationship, but her ghost returns to disrupt his impending nuptials. (1960) Trapped Free – Starring Lloyd Bridges and Barbara Payton, the plot of this B noir film turns around a counterfeiting ring. (1949) Vampyr Free This horror film was Carl Theodor Dreyer's follow-up to The Passion of Joan of Arc, and his first "talkie." (1932) Waltzes From Vienna Free Alfred Hitchcock told Francois Truffaut that this film (about the writing and performance of The Blue Danube) was the low point of his film career. (1934) Whistle Stop Free A noir flic with Ava Gardner. (1946) White Zombie Free Pre-Code horror film directed by Victor and Edward Halperin. Béla Lugosi stars as the antagonist, Murder Legendre, with Madge Bellamy appearing as his victim. (1932) Woman on the Run Free – After Frank Johnson (Ross Elliott) is the sole witness to a gangland murder, he goes into hiding and is trailed by Police Inspector Ferris (Robert Keith), his wife, Eleanor (Ann Sheridan), and newspaperman, Danny Leggett (Dennis O’Keefe). Young and Innocent Free Originally released in the US as The Girl Was Young, this Alfred Hitchcock film was based on Josephine Tey’s novel A Shilling for Candles. (1937) Find a complete collection of Film Noir movies here and Alfred Hitchcock movies here. Free Kung Fu Martial Arts Films Black Fist Free To make money, a Los Angeles street-fighter goes to work for gangsters. (1975) Blood on the Sun Free Starring James Cagney and Sylvia Sidney, the film is based on a fictional history behind the Tanaka Memorial document. Won the Academy Award for Best Art Direction for a Black White film. (1945) Bruce Lee Fights Back From The Grave Free Bruceploitation movie starring Bruce Lee impersonator and tae kwon do instructor Jun Chong (using the name Bruce K.L. Lea). (1976) Bruce Lee the Invincible Free Bruce Li with his master goes to Singapore to stop a kung-fu master named Cheng. (1977) Four Robbers Free Cheap Hong Kong action film which rides the late 80s heroic bloodshed wave and, says kungfumovieguide.com "rips off (mainly) films like A Better Tomorrow and City on Fire, only without any of the same quality." (1987) Guy With Secret Kung Fu Free Two brothers put their kung fu skills to the test and do battle with dishonest judges, powerful warlords, and giant zombies, all in the name of ending the oppression of the Ching Dynasty. (1980) Hands of Death Free A gang has been smuggling high amounts of opium throughout the world and the authorities have lost their undercover agent. (1987) Heroes of Shaolin Free Directed by William Chang. Like many kung fu movies from the late 1970s, the main theme of the film focuses on revenge. Heroes of Shaolin Free The sequel to the film above. La Dialectique Peut-Elle Casser Des Briques? (Can Dialectics Break Bricks?) Free A French Situationist film produced by René Viénet which explores the development of class conflict through revolutionary agitation against a backdrop of graphic kung-fu fighting. (1973) Lady Whirlwind Free Sometimes called Deep Thrust. Here's the plot: Tien arrives in town looking to exact revenge on Ling for abandoning her pregnant sister and thus driving the sister to commit suicide. Although Tien agrees to help Ling take down the leader of a local gambling syndicate, she nonetheless still plans to avenge her sister's death which she holds Ling responsible for. (1973) Legend of the Eight Samurai Free A Japanese historical martial arts fantasy film starring Sonny Chiba and directed by Kinji Fukasaku. The script is adapted from a 1982 novel Shin Satomi Hakkenden by Toshio Kamata, a loose reworking of the epic serial Nansō Satomi Hakkenden by Kyokutei Bakin. (1983) Master of the Flying Guillotine Free A Taiwanese wuxia film starring Jimmy Wang Yu, who also wrote and directed the film. It is a sequel to Wang's 1971 film One Armed Boxer, and thus the film is also known as One-Armed Boxer 2. (1976) Ninja Death Trilogy Free The entire Ninja Death Trilogy. Four hours of non stop action. (1987) Return of Kung Fu Dragon Free Sonny Chiba stars again as the deadly martial arts mercenary Takuma Tsurugi in a movie where he must battle against the Yakuza because of a deal gone bad. (1976) Return of the Street Fighter Free Takuma "Terry" Tsurugi returns. In this sequel to The Street Fighter, he sets out to bust up a phony charity put together by the Yukuza. (1974) Shaolin Temple Free Otherwise called Death Chambers, it is one of the Shaolin Temple-themed martial arts films and concerns their rebellion against the Qings. Stars David Chiang, Ti Lung, and Fu Sheng. (1976) Sister Streetfighter Free Classic grindhouse karate film starring Sue Shihomi. (1974) Spirits of Bruce Lee Free Richard Lee rescues a young Thai boxer on his way to Wansen which is a small town with strange customs. The Big Fight Free The Japanese oppress the Chinese during WW-2, until resistance breaks out. Stars Tien Peng, Yee Yuen, Cheung Ching Ching, and Blacky Ko. (1972) The Brave Lion Free During Japan's invasion of China during WWII two disgraced Japanese soldiers who can speak Chinese are given a second chance. They face execution but are reprieved to go on a special assignment to run a Chinese labor camp the Japanese operate. They work the prisoners so hard they rise up against them. (1977) The Image of Bruce Lee Free 70s action film about Bruce Li as a special agent who teams with a Hong Kong police officer to crack a smuggling ring. Apart from the title, the only thing this film has to do with Bruce Lee is when someone tells the Bruce Li character that he resembles Lee. (1978) The Real Bruce Lee Free This martial arts documentary begins with a brief biography of Bruce Lee, and shows scenes from four of his childhood films, Bad Boy, Orphan Sam, Kid Cheung, and The Carnival, each sepia-toned and dubbed to English. (1979) The Street Fighter Free One of Quentin Tarantino's favorite karate films, and 13# on his list of 20 great Grindhouse films. Starring Sonny Chiba, the film was the first to get an X rating for violence. (1974) The Street Fighter's Last Revenge Free A martial arts film and the third in a series starting with The Street Fighter starring Sonny Chiba. (1974) TNT Jackson Free A young karate expert searches for her brother's killer in Hong Kong. (1975) Free Westerns Angel and the Badman Free A black and white Western starring John Wayne and Gail Russell. Considered a radical departure from the Western genre at the time. Find Internet Archive version here. (1947) Billy the Kid Wanted Free Billy the Kid (Buster Crabbe) and his pal Jeff (Dave O'Brien) help their friend Fuzzy Jones (Al St. John) escape from jail, and the trio heads for Paradise Valley, where they find the Paradise Land Development Company, ran by Matt Brawley (Glenn Strange) and Jack Saunders (Charles King), (1941) Blue Steel Free Western film with John Wayne playing a U.S. Marshal trying to capture the Polka Dot Bandit. Some consider it the best of the Wayne Lone Star films. Alternative version on YouTube here. (1934) Born to the West Free Can Dare Rudd prove he is responsible enough to win the heart of Judy and also outwit the crooked saloon owner? Stars John Wayne, Marsha Hunt and John Mack Brown. (1937) Death Rides a Horse Free Giulio Petroni's top spaghetti western. (1967) Frontier Horizon Free The Three Mesqueteers attempt to prevent wholesale slaughter in this fine Republic Western starring John Wayne, Ray "Crash" Corrigan, and Raymond Hatton. (1939) Gone with the West Free James Caan, Stefanie Powers and Sammy Davis Jr. in 1975 western. Helltown Free Originally called Born to the West, this John Wayne western was based on a novel by Zane Grey. (1937) High Lonesome Free A drifter (John Drew Barrymore) is suspected of murder, when the real murderers are two men who everybody thinks are dead. This movie was filmed back to back with "The Sundowners" on the same set. (1950) Joshua Free A black soldier returns from fighting in the Civil War only to find out that his mother has been murdered by a gang of white thugs. He becomes a bounty hunter, determined to exact revenge. Directed by Larry G. Spangler, stars Larry Williamson. (1976) Law of the Rio Grande Free Directed by Forrest Sheldon, the film is about Jim and Cookie. Escaping from the Sheriff, they decide to go straight. But when they meet their old cohort, The Blanco Kid, he tells their new boss they are outlaws and they are in big trouble again. (1931) McLintock! Free Comedy Western starring John Wayne Maureen O'Hara. Loosely based on Shakespeare's The Taming of the Shrew. (1963) 'Neath the Arizona Skies Free John Wayne plays a cowboy protecting an American Indian oil-land heiress. (1934) One Eyed Jacks Free The only film directed by Marlon Brando. He also plays its lead character, Rio. (1961) Paradise Canyon Free Western starring John Wayne. Features Wayne as government agent John Wyatt searching for a counterfeit ring operating on the Mexican/Arizona border. (1935) Rainbow Valley Free John Martin (John Wayne) is a government agent working under cover. Leading citizen Morgan calls in gunman Butch Galt (Buffalo Bill Jr.) who blows Martin's cover. Find YouTube version here. (1935) Randy Rides Alone Free Jailed for murders he didn't commit, Randy Bowers (John Wayne) escapes only to stumble into the den of the real murderers. Entertaining early Wayne film. (1934) Rawhide Free A short western implausibly starring the Yankee legend, Lou Gehrig. (1938) Riders of Destiny Free John Wayne portrays Singin' Sandy Saunders and has a reputation as the most notorious gunman since Billy the Kid. Features Wayne in singing role. (1933) Sagebrush Trail Free John Wayne plays John Brant who escapes from jail after being wrongly accused of murder. Features great stagecoach chase. (1933) Santa Fe Trail Free Western film directed by Michael Curtiz (also directed Casablanca) and starring Errol Flynn, Olivia de Havilland and Ronald Reagan. (1940). Seven Alone Free A frontier family with seven children heads West on the Oregon Trail. When both of their parents die, they decide to push on alone. Stars Dewey Martin and Aldo Ray. (1974) Song of Arizona Free Stars Roy Rogers. Directed by Frank McDonald. "Gabby's ranch for wayward boys is in financial trouble. One of his boys, Chip is hiding stolen money sent by his father the outlaw leader King Blaine. After Blaine is killed, Chip decides to pay off Gabby's debt with this money, but trouble arises when the remaining gang members arrive looking for the loot." (1946) Texas Terror Free A young John Wayne in a romantic western. (1935) The American West of John Ford Free A documentary encapsulating the career and Western films of director John Ford, featuring interviews with John Wayne, James Stewart and Henry Fonda. (1971) The Dawn Rider Free John Wayne plays John Mason, a man avenging his father's murder. A western directed by Robert Bradbury. (1935) The Desert Trail Free Early Western with John Wayne. According toWesternClippings, not Wayne’s finest hour. (1935) The Great Train Robbery Free Early western film by Edwin S. Porter. A landmark in narrative filmmaking (1903) The Lawless Frontier Free B Western starring John Wayne and directed by Robert Bradbury. (1934) The Lucky Texan Free Jerry Mason (played by John Wayne) and Jake Benson become partners and strike it rich with a gold mine. (1934) They then find their lives complicated by bad guys and a woman. (1934) The Man From Utah Free The Marshal sends John Weston (John Wayne) to a rodeo to see if he can find out who is killing the rodeo riders who are about to win prize money. (1934) The Outlaw Free The American Western story of Billy the Kid, Doc Holliday, and Pat Garrett, directed by Howard Hughes, and debuting Jane Russell in her first movie role. (1943) The Range Feud Free Clint Turner is arrested for the murder of his girlfriend Judy's father, a rival rancher who was an enemy of his own father. Stars John Wayne and Buck Jones. (1931) The San Antonio Kid Free Directed by Howard Bretherton, the film is about a geologist who has found oil on the neighboring ranches and teams up with Ace who has his gang create a reign of terror to get the ranchers to sell out. The Star Packer Free A gang working for "The Shadow" is terrorizing the town. John Travers (John Wayne) decides to take on the job of sheriff and do something about it. (1934) The Trail Beyond Free Western starring John Wayne, Noah Beery, Sr., and Noah Beery, Jr. (1934) The Young Land Free Dennis Hopper stars in a Western shot in 1959. Two Fisted Law Free After Rob Russell steals Tim Clark's ranch, Clark starts prospecting for silver. Stars John Wayne and Tim McCoy. (1932) Vengeance Valley Free American Western film starring Burt Lancaster, based on the novel by Luke Short. (1951) War of the Wildcats Free John Wayne stars in western otherwise called In Old Oklahoma. One of Wayne's better post-Stagecoach performances. (1943) West of the Divide Free A young John Wayne in B western. (1934) Winds of the Wasteland Free The arrival of the telegraph put Pony Express riders like John Blair (John Wayne) and his pal Smoky (Lane Chandler) out of work they try to start a stagecoach route through a ghost town. A rival stagecoach company tries to stop them. (1936) Find a complete collection of John Wayne films here. Free Silent Films 20 Buster Keaton Films Free An assortment of films from one of the founding fathers of visual comedy. 60 Free Charlie Chaplin Films Free An assortment of films from one of the most prolific actors and filmmakers of early cinema. Abraham Lincoln Free DW Griffith's biography of the beloved United States president. A Burlesque On Carmen Free Original two-reel parody of Bizet's Carmen by Charlie Chaplin. Also stars Leo White Edna Purviance. (1915) A Busy Day Free Charlie Chaplin plays a wife jealous of her husband's interest in another woman, played by Phyllis Allen. (1914) A Christmas Carol Free Marc McDermott stars as Ebenezer Scrooge in this 1910 version of Dickens' classic ghost story. A Day's Pleasure Free "Chaplin's fourth film for First National Films. It was created at the Chaplin Studio. It was a quickly made two-reeler to help fill a gap while working on his first feature The Kid. It is about a day outing with his wife and the kids and things don't go smoothly." (1919) A Dog's Life Free This endearing short Charlie Chaplin film tells the story of underdogs, human and canine, succeeding despite the odds. (1918) A Fair Exchange Free Originally released as Getting Acquainted, the film's plot has been summarized as follows: "Charlie and his wife are walking in the park when they encounter Ambrose and his wife. The partners become fond of their counterparts and begin chasing each other around. A policeman looking for a professional Don Juan becomes involved, as does a Turk." (1914) A Film Johnnie Free Charlie goes to the movie and falls in love with a girl on the screen. (1914) A Man with a Camera Free Dziga Vertov's experimental film about life as it is lived. A Sight and Sound magazine poll named it the 8th best movie ever made. (1929) A Night in the Show Free Charlie Chaplin played two roles: one as Mr. Pest and one as Mr. Rowdy. The film was created from Chaplin's stage work from a play called Mumming Birds. (1915) A Page of Madness (Kuretta Ippei) Free This film directed by Teinosuke Kinugasa and written by Nobel Prize winter Yasunari Kawabata is one of the great landmarks of Japanese silent cinema. (1926) A Sixth Part Of The World Free Using a travelogue format, Dziga Vertov's film depicts the multitude of Soviet peoples in remote areas of the USSR. (1926) A Woman Free This Chaplin film starts with Charlie meeting Edna (Edna Purviance) and her parents in a park; the mother is played by Marta Golden and the father by Charles Insley. (1915) Aelita Free A silent film directed by Soviet filmmaker Yakov Protazanov. One of the earliest full-length films about space travel, the most notable part of the film remains its remarkable constructivist Martian sets and costumes designed by Aleksandra Ekster. (1924) After the Ball Free One of the first "adult" films in cinema history. By the pioneering director Georges Méliès. Alice in Wonderland Free The first-ever film version of Lewis Carroll's tale. Based on Sir John Tenniel's original illustrations. (1903) Alice in Wonderland Free Silent adaptation of Lewis Carroll's classic, directed and written by W.W. Young. (1915) Anémic Cinéma Free Marcel Duchamp's avant-garde film combines whirling optical illusions, known as Rotoreliefs, with spiraling puns and complex word play. (1926) Battleship Potemkin Free Directed by the great Russian director, Sergei Eisenstein. One of the most influential propaganda films of all time. Alternative version here. (1925) Behind the Screen Free A short film written and directed by Charlie Chaplin, the film is long on slapstick, but it also gets into themes dealing with gender bending and homosexuality. (1916) Between Showers Free A short Keystone film from 1914 starring Charlie Chaplin, Ford Sterling, and Emma Bell Clifton. Broken Blossoms Free Silent film directed by D.W. Griffith and starring Lillian Gish. (1919) Charlie Shanghaied Free Charlie Chaplin and his Tramp character gets shanghaied by crooks. (1915) Charlie's Recreation Free Out of costume, Charlie is a clean-shaven dandy who, somewhat drunk, visits a dance hall. There the wardrobe girl has three rival admirers: the band leader, one of the musicians, and now Charlie. (1914) Cinderella Free This film by George Méliès is the oldest known film adaptation of the 1697 fairy tale. It was also apparently the first movie to use a "dissolve transition" between scenes. (1899) Das Wandernde Bild Free A silent, black and white film directed by Fritz Lang released in 1920. Der Golum Free Paul Wegener's German expressionist classic, says Roger Ebert, "is a vivid piece of darkly toned fantasy that exerted a powerful influence over both European cinema and Hollywood." (1920) Die Nibelungen Free A series of two silent fantasy films created by Fritz Lang in 1924. Runs hours. Don Quixote Free Classic adaptation of the Miguel de Cervantes' novel (find in our collection of Free eBooks), directed by Georg Wilhelm Pabst, and starring the famous operatic bass Feodor Chaliapin. (1933) Dr. Jekyll And Mr. Hyde Free Horror film based on Robert Louis Stevenson's novella Strange Case of Dr Jekyll and Mr Hyde. (1912) Dr. Jekyll And Mr. Hyde Free John Barrymore stars in the renowned silent adaptation of the Robert Louis Stevenson classic. (1920) Edgar Allan Poe Free The first biopic of Poe, shot by D.W. Griffith. Shows Poe writing The Raven. (1909) Earth Free The third installment in Alexander Dovzhenko’s “Ukraine Trilogy,” Earth is considered a masterpiece in early Soviet cinema, and one of the greatest silent films of all time. (1930) Easy Street Free Charlie Chaplin steps forward and keeps the peace. (1917) Easy Virtue Free Early silent film directed by Alfred Hitchcock. Loosely based on a play by Noël Coward. (1928) Emak-Bakia Free Features filming techniques used by Man Ray, including rayographs, double exposures, soft focus and ambiguous features. (1926) Entr’Acte Free René Clair’s dadaist masterpiece. Features scenes of Marcel Duchamp and Man Ray. (1924) Faust Free German expressionist filmmaker F.W. Murnau directs film version of Goethe's classic tale. This was Murnau's last German movie. (1926) Frankenstein Free The first time Mary Shelley's literary was brought to the big screen. (1910) Ghosts Before Breakfast (Vormittagsspuk) Free Silent avant-garde film by Hans Richter. The nazis destroyed the sound version of the film, deeming it "degenerate art." (1928) Greed Free Erich von Stroheim’s silent drama originally ran 10 hours, but was eventually hacked down to two. It follows a dentist whose wife wins a lottery ticket, only to become obsessed with money. (1924) Harakiri Free Early silent film by Fritz Lang. (1919) Häxan Free Swedish/Danish silent horror film written and directed by Benjamin Christensen. (1922) Hell W10 Free The Clash stars in 1980s gangster parody. Written and directed by Joe Strummer. (1983) Intolerance Free D.W. Griffith's most ambitious silent film is one of the landmarks in cinematic history. (1916) Kino Eye Free Dziga Vertov’s first documentary not made from found footage. Shows the joys of life in a Soviet village centers around the activities of the Young Pioneers. (1924) La Souriante Madame Beudet Free Early feminist film by Germaine Dulac. Features a woman trapped in a loveless marriage. (1922) L'Inferno Free Italy's first feature film, and some say still the best adaptation of Dante's classic work. (1911) Joyless Street Free Greta Garbo stars in her second major role. One of the first films of the "New Objectivity" movement. (1925) Kid Auto Races at Venice Free It's the first film in which Charlie Chaplin's iconic "Little Tramp" character makes his appearance. (1914) L'Arrivée D'un Train En Gare De La Ciotat Free One of the most famous early silent films shot by Auguste and Louis Lumière. (1895) La Passion de Jeanne d'Arc Free Directed by Carl Theodor Dreyer and starring Renée Jeanne Falconetti, this film is considered a masterpiece from the silent era. Find an alternate version on Archive.org here. (1928) Laughing Gas Free Film starring Chaplin is sometimes known as ”Busy Little Dentist”, “Down and Out”, “Laffing Gas”, “The Dentist”, and “Tuning His Ivories”. Le Ballet Mécanique Free Historic cinematic collaboration between Fernand Legér and George Antheil. (1924) Le Retour à la Raison Free A film from the avant-garde Cinéma Pur movement shot by Man Ray in 1923. Mabel's Strange Predicament Free Watch lots of lots of high jinks go down in a hotel. (1914) Making a Living Free Premiering on February 2, 1914, Making a Living marks the first film appearance by Charlie Chaplin. Manhatta Free A collaboration by photographer-painter Charles Sheeler and photographer Paul Strand, Manhatta made cinematic history as the first American avant-garde film. (1921) Menilmontant Free When Pauline Kael, longtime New Yorker film critic, was asked to name her favorite film, this was it. French silent film. (1925) Metropolis Free Fritz Lang’s fable of good and evil fighting it out in a futuristic urban dystopia. An important classic. An alternate version can be found here. (1927) Nerves Free Directed by Robert Reinert, Nerves tells of "the political disputes of an ultraconservative factory owner Herr Roloff and Teacher John, who feels a compulsive but secret love for Roloff's sister, a left-wing radical." (1919) Nosferatu Free German Expressionist horror film directed by F. W. Murnau. An unauthorized adaptation of Bram Stoker's Dracula. (1922) October: Ten Days That Shook the World Free Originally called Oktyabr, Sergei Eisenstein's film documents the Russian Revolution of 1917. A masterpiece by a pioneering filmmaker. (1928) Old and New Free Also called The General Line, Sergei Eisenstein's film has been called a "bucolic epic about the Soviet struggle to collectivize agricultural production." (1929) One A.M. Free The first silent film Charlie Chaplin starred in alone. (1916) One Week Free The first film to be made by Buster Keaton on his own; Keaton had worked with Roscoe "Fatty" Arbuckle for a number of years. The film was written and directed by Keaton and Edward F. Cline, and runs for 19 minutes. Sybil Seely co-stars. Alternate version here. (1920) Pandora's Box Free G.W. Pabst's tragic melodrama about the fate of a carefree seductress, memorably played by Louise Brooks. (1929) Romance Sentimentale Free Directed by Sergei Eisenstein. (1930) Alternate version here. Safety Last Free Starring Harold Lloyd, the film features one of the most iconic scenes from the silent film era: Lloyd "clutching the hands of a large clock as he dangles from the outside of a skyscraper above moving traffic." (1923) Sherlock Jr. Free A comic masterpiece from the silent era. Stars Buster Keaton. (1924) Sherlock Holmes Baffled Free Watch the very first Sherlock Holmes movie. (1900) Sunrise: A Song of Two Humans Free Made by the German expressionist director F.W. Murnau. Voted in 2012, the 5th greatest film of all time. (1927) The Adventurer Free Charlie Chaplin plays an escaped convict who falls into favor with a wealthy family after he saves a young lady. (1917) The Avenging Conscience Free Directed by D. W. Griffith, the film is based on the Edgar Allan Poe short story "The Tell-Tale Heart" and the poem "Annabel Lee." Scroll down to the second video on the linked page. (1914) The Birth of a Nation Free Directed by DW Griffith. A landmark work in film history (1915) with racist undertones. (1915) The Bond Free A propaganda film created and funded by Charlie Chaplin for theatrical release to help sell U.S. Liberty Bonds during World War I. (1918) The Cabinet of Dr. Caligari Free This silent film directed by Robert Wiene is considered one of the most influential German Expressionist films and perhaps one of the greatest horror movies of all time. Watch the restored version. (1920) The Circus Free The film won Charlie Chaplin his first Academy Award, and it's still well regarded today. (1928) The Count Free The Count was Charlie Chaplin's 5th film for Mutual Films. Co-starring Eric Campbell and Edna Purviance, it is a story about Charlie and his boss finding an invitation to a party from a real Count. (1916) The Cure Free Chaplin plays a drunk who checks into a health spa to dry out and comedy ensues. (1917) The Devilish Tenant Free In this Georges Méliès, a new tenant moves in and fills the room with furniture taken from his suitcase. (1909) The Eleventh Year Free Dziga Vertov's film celebrates “the tenth anniversary of the October Revolution” which, according to the Harvard Film Archive presents that decade of socialism “in the eyes of a left-wing artist of the twenties” as “a radical social experiment … required to be presented in a radically experimental way.” (1928) The Fireman Free Charlie Chaplin’s second short for Mutual continued his focus on gags and situations—as the title suggests, Chaplin plays the role of an inept firefighter. (1916) The Floorwalker Free Filmed for the Mutual Film Corporation, the film featured the first "running staircase" in cinema history. (1916) The Four Horsemen of the Apocalypse Free Hugely popular silent film that made Rudolph Valentino a star. (1921) The Freshman Free Starring Harold Lloyd, this comedy film tells the story of a college freshman trying to become popular by joining the school football team. (1925) The General Free Orson Welles said that Buster Keaton's The General is "the greatest comedy ever made, the greatest Civil War film ever made, and perhaps the greatest film ever made. Alternate version here (1926) The Gold Rush Free Charlie Chaplin wrote, produced, directed and starred in The Gold Rush. Chaplin repeatedly said that this is the film he most wanted to be remembered for. (1925) The Golem: How He Came Into the World Free A follow-up to Paul Wegener's earlier film, "The Golem," about a monstrous creature brought to life by a learned rabbi to protect the Jews from persecution in medieval Prague. Based on the classic folk tale, and co-directed by Carl Boese. (1920) The Golem: How He Came Into the World Free The same film as the one listed immediately above, but this one has a score created by Pixies frontman Black Francis. (2008) The Good for Nothing Free Made at the Keystone Studios, the film involves Chaplin taking care of a man in a wheelchair. (1914) The Great Train Robbery Free Early western film by Edwin S. Porter. A landmark in narrative filmmaking. (1903) The Hearts of Age Free The first film/short film shot by Orson Welles. It's a play on Jean Cocteau’s movie, The Blood of a Poet. (1934) The Hunchback of Notre Dame Free With Lon Chaney. (1923) The Immigrant Free Charlie Chaplin plays an immigrant coming to the United States who gets accused of theft along the way. (1917) The Impossible Voyage Free -Directed by Georges Méliès, this 1904 film, based on a Jules Verne's play, is a satire of scientific exploration in which a group of geographers attempt a journey into the interior of the sun. (1904) The Kid Free This was Charlie Chaplin's first full-length film as a director, and it is still considered one of his best. (1921) The Lady and the Hooligan Free Russian silent film directed by and starring Vladimir Mayakovsky. His only surviving film. (1918) The Last Laugh Free F.W. Murnau's classic chamber drama about a hotel doorman who falls on hard times. A masterpiece of the silent era, the story is told almost entirely in pictures. Yale has more background on the film. (1924) The Little Match Girl Free a 40-minute silent film by Jean Renoir based on a story by Hans Christian Andersen. (1928) The Lodger: A Story of the London Fog Free One of Hitchcock’s silent classics. A landlady suspects her lodger is a murderer killing women around London. (1927) The Lost World Free The "grandaddy of monster movies," the film adaptation of Sir Arthur Conan Doyle's classic novel about a land where prehistoric creatures still roam. (1925) The Manor of the Devil (Le Manoir du Diable) Free Created by the film pioneer George Méliès, it's considered the first horror film ever made. (1896) The Pawnshop Free Rich in slapstick, The Pawnshop was one of Chaplin's more popular movies for Mutual Film, the producer of some of the greatest Chaplin comedies. (1916) The Phantom Carriage Free One of the central works in the history of Swedish cinema. Notable for its influence on Ingmar Bergman. Directed by Victor Sjöström, (1921) The Phantom of the Opera Free A classic silent film featuring Lon Chaney as the Phantom. (1925) The Pleasure Garden Free After several collaborative efforts, Hitchcock made his solo directorial debut in the German-British co-production based on a novel by Oliver Sandys. (1925) The Rink Free The Rink, Chaplin's 8th film for Mutual Films, showcases the actor's roller skating skills. (1916) The Sealed Room Free Directed by DW Griffith, the film is based on Edgar Allan Poe's "A Cask of Amontillado", with appearances by Mary Pickford and Mack Sennett. (1909) The Seashell and the Clergyman Free The first surrealist film ever. Directed by Germaine Dulac. (1928) The Sheik Free Silent film with Rudolph Valentino. (1921) The Smiling Madame Beudet Free A short silent by Germaine Dulac that also happens to hold the title of the first feminist film. (1922) The Story of the Kelly Gang Free An Australian film that traces the life of the legendary infamous outlaw and bushranger Ned Kelly. It was inscribed on the UNESCO Memory of the World Register for being the world's first full-length narrative feature film. (1906) The Student of Prague Free A classic of German expressionist film. German writer Hanns Heinz Ewers and Danish director Stellan Rye bring to life a 19th-century horror story. Some call it the first indie film. (1913) The Ten Commandments Free An epic silent film from 1923 directed by Cecil B. DeMille, and the first in DeMille's biblical trilogy, followed by The King of Kings (1927) and The Sign of the Cross (1932). The Toll of the Sea Free The first general release film in technicolor. 1922. The Tramp Free The film made Chaplin's great Tramp character famous. (1915) The Vagabond Free A silent film by Charlie Chaplin that co-starred Edna Purviance, Eric Campbell, Leo White and Lloyd Bacon, with Chaplin appearing as The Tramp. The British Film Institute calls it the "pivotal work" of his Mutual period – "and his most touching." (1916) The Water Magician Free Japanese silent film. One of the most popular titles from the silent film work of Kenji Mizoguchi. (1933) The Wizard of Oz Free The earliest surviving film version of L. Frank Baum's 1900 novel. (1910) The Wizard of Oz Free The first major film adaptation of the classic novel. Features Oliver Hardy as the Tin Woodsmen. (1925) Three Songs About Lenin Free Dziga Vertov's film is based on three admiring songs sung by anonymous people in Soviet Russia about Vladimir Ilyich Lenin. (1934) Tillie's Punctured Romance Free Among other things, the film is notable for being the last Chaplin film didn't write or direct by himself. (1914) Trip to the Moon Le Voyage dans la lune Free French black white silent sci-fi film loosely based on two novels: From the Earth to the Moon by Jules Verne and The First Men in the Moon by H. G. Wells. (1902) Un Chien Andalou Free Salvador Dali and Louis Bunuel's short, silent surrealist film. A restored version can be viewed here. (1929) Free Documentaries 10 Years with Hayao Miyazaki Free A four part documentary on the unstoppable Japanese animator directed by Kaku Arakawa. (2019) 15 Films by Designers Charles Ray Eames Free Watch a series of short films by the iconic designers. 50 Architecture Documentaries Free A collection of free documentaries directed by Richard Copans on famous architects and buildings. Topics include Bauhaus, Le Corbusier, Zaha Hadid more. A is for Architecture Free This short documentary offers a panorama of architecture, moving from one tradition to another, illustrating how each reflects the sentiments and values of its time. (1960) A To Zeppelin: The Story Of Led Zeppelin Free (US audiences only) Chronicles the band's history, from their 1968 formation to their reign as 1970s hard-rock giants, with rare photographs, archival footage, and interviews. (2004) A Brief History of John Baldessari Free A short film narrated by Tom Waits on the life and work of West-Coast conceptual artist John Baldessari. (2012) A Communications Primer Free An instructional film on the basics of communication, created by Charles and Ray Eames of Eames Office for IBM. (1953) A Land Without Bread Free Ostensibly a documentary about the Las Hurdes region located in a remote corner of Spain, this Luis Buñuel’s film is in fact a lacerating parody of travel documentaries. (1933) A Look Behind the Future Free Intriguing 1966 documentary takes you inside the making of Kubrick's 2001: A Space Odyssey and the thrilling technologies then in real-life development. (1966) A Man Among Men: Alberto Giacometti Free An hour-long documentary about Giacometti, by Jean-Marie Drot. (1963) A Necessary Ruin: The Story of Buckminster Fuller and the Union Tank Car Dome Free Tells the history of the Union Tank Car Dome, the largest clear-span structure in the world, based on the engineering principles of the visionary design scientist Buckminster Fuller. (2010) A Story of Healing Free Won Academy Award for best Documentary Short Subject. Follows a team of volunteers in Vietnam. (1997) A World of Art: The Metropolitan Museum of Art Free Founded in 1870, the Metropolitan Museum of Art in New York City is a three dimensional encyclopedia of art history. Filmed in 2004. Albert Einstein: How I See the World Free Documentary on physicist Albert Einstein which chronicles the experiences that lead him to become a great advocate for world peace. (1991) Auschwitz Free Steven Spielberg creates a short documentary, narrated by Meryl Streep, on the Nazi concentration camp where 1.1 million people, most of them European Jews, were killed during World War II. (2015) Aleister Crowley: The Wickedest Man in the World Free Takes you into the life of Aleister Crowley, an English occultist, ceremonial magician, poet, and mountaineer, responsible for founding the religion of Thelema. Albert Camus: The Madness of Sincerity Free About the life and work of writer Albert Camus, including interviews with his former mistresses and Camus' daughter Catherine and her twin brother Jean. (1997) Andy Warhol and Roy Lichtenstein Free Documentary on the two artists from 1966. Alfred Stieglitz: The Eloquent Eye Free A revealing look at the "Father of American Photography." Appeared in the PBS American Masters series. (1999) Ansel Adams, Photographer Free Documentary reveals the artistic and technical approach of Ansel Adams, America's finest photographer of natural landscapes. (1958) Ansel Adams: The Incisive Art Free Explores the work of one of America’s most famous photographers, Ansel Adams as he goes beneath the surface to record nature and the quality of humanity. (1962) Arduino: The Documentary Free Revisits a project launched in the Italian town of Ivrea back in 2005. The challenge? To develop cheap, easy-to-use electronics components for design students. (2010) At the Museum Free The Museum of Modern Art (aka MoMA) creates an 8-part documentary series on what it takes to run a world-class museum. (2017) Atheism: A Rough History of Disbelief Free A mini-series created by Jonathan Miller explores the history of atheism in the world. (2004) Audio Ammunition Free A series of short documentaries on The Clash and five of their classic studio albums. Produced by Google. (2013) Bauhaus World Free To commemorate the 100th anniversary of the founding of the Bauhaus school, this documentary explores the history and influence of Germany’s legendary art, architecture design movement. (2019) Bob Marley 'Come A Long Way' Free Documentary made for NZ tv show 'Good Day' by Dylan Taite. (1979) Beat This!: A Hip-Hop History Free Originally part of the Arena television series, the TV doc was among the first crop of documentaries about hip-hop and hip-hop culture. (1984) Bed Peace Free 70 minute documentary revisits John and Yoko’s famous 1969 Bed-Ins, which amounted to a peaceful protest against the Vietnam War. (2011) Beautiful Equations Free Artist/writer Matt Collings takes the plunge into an alien world of equations, asking top scientists to help him understand five of the most famous equations in science. (2010) Benoit Mandelbrot: Father of Fractals Free In this final interview shot by filmmaker Erol Morris, Mandelbrot shares his love for mathematics and how it led him to his wondrous discovery of fractals. (2013) Black Coffee Free A three part look at “the world’s most widely taken legal drug,” a beverage whose intellectually intense die-hard enthusiasts give wine’s a run for their money, from historical, political, social, and economic angles. (2007) Blitzkrieg Bop Free Hour-long TV documentary takes an old school look at CBGB during the heyday. Features The Ramones, Blondie and The Dead Boys. Mixes live performance with short interview clips. (1978) Bob Geldof: The Moment Free In a short documentary by Errol Morris, Bob Geldof talks about the greatest day in his life--stepping on the stage of Live Aid and raising money to end the famine in Africa. (2014) Brian Eno: The Man Who Fell To Earth, 1971-1977 Free Explores Eno's life, career and music between those titular years—the period that some view as his golden age, and others as just one great era in a long and very eclectic career. Find alternative version on YouTube here. (2012) Buckminster Fuller: Thinking Out Loud Free Documentary on the inventor/visionary/thinker R. Buckminster Fuller, produced and directed by four time Academy Award nominees Karen Goodman and Kirk Simon. (1996) Brussels Express Free Directed by Sander Vandenbroucke, this 20 minute film explores the risks of cycling in modern Brussels, one of the most congested cities in today's Europe. (2012) Bullfight at Malaga Free Photographed by Richard Leacock, this short film records what happened when the two greatest matadors tried to outdo each other in what became known as "The Bullfight of the Century." (2010) Caravaggio Free A documentary by Robert Hughes (circa 1975) Chick Corea: Documentary of Legendary Jazz Great, Pianist and Composer Free Short documentary features Sting, Bobby McFerrin, Bela Fleck, Herbie Hancock, Wayne Shorter and more. Churchill's Island Free WWII propaganda film chronicling the defense of Great Britain. Won the very first Academy Award for Documentary Short Subject. (1941) City Symphonies Free Watch "city symphonies" filmed in the 1920s. These poetic, experimental documentaries present a portrait of the daily of cities like Berlin, Paris, Sao Paulo and New York. Code Rush Free Documentary following the lives of Netscape engineers in Silicon Valley. (1998) Confrontation: Paris, 1968 Free A documentary by Seymour Drescher (Professor in the Department of History at the University of Pittsburgh former student of George Mosse), looks at the student and worker upheaval in France in May, 1968. Conversations with Myself Free Alan Watts walks in the mountains and talks about the limitations of technology and the problem of trying to keep track of an infinite universe with a single tracked mind. (1971) Creative Process: Norman McLaren Free This feature length documentary is a journey into Norman McLaren’s process of artistic creation. (1990) Cry Baby: The Pedal That Rocks the World Free Tells the story of the wah wah effect pedal, from its invention in 1966 to the present day. (2011) Curious About Cuba: The Great Museums of Havana Free This film shows a side of the island nation that we seldom hear about: her art, history, and culture. (2008) Cyberpunk Free Documentary introduces the culture of Cyberpunk. Features vintage footage of William Gibson Timothy Leary (1990). David Bowie: Sound and Vision Free Takes you on a journey throug Bowie's career. Features interviews with Bowie, Iman his wife, his musical contemporaries including Iggy Pop, Moby and Trent Reznor. (2002) David Bowie: The Story of Ziggy Stardust Free Film tells the story of how Bowie arrived at one of the most iconic creations in the history of pop music. The songs, the hairstyles, the fashion, etc. (2012) David Lynch on the History of Surrealist Cinema Free Pretty much what the title said. (1987) Day of the Dead Free Designers Charles and Ray Eames short portrait of the Mexican festival, Day of the Dead. (1957) Death Mills Free Billy Wilder's documentary in German showing what Allies found when they liberated Nazi extermination camps. (1945) Degenerate Art Free Directed by David Grubin, this documentary explores the 1937 art exhibit under the Nazi regime, which featured modern art, or what the Nazis called 'Entartete Kunst' or 'Degenerate Art. (1993) Diane Arbus: Masters of Photography Free The documentary created soon after the photographer's death is based on interviews with those who knew her best. (1972.) Discovering Electronic Music: Revised Free Directed by Bernard Wilets, the film explores this idea: "We live in an age of technology in which machines touch every part of our lives. It is not surprising that music has also been influenced by technology." (1983) Do Communists Have a Better Sex? Free Documentary explores sexual habits behind the Iron Curtain. (2007) Dorothea Lange Part 1: Under The Trees Free Film explores the American documentary photographer and photojournalist, best known for her Depression-era work for the Farm Security Administration. View alternate version here. (1965) Dreams Are What We Wake Up From Free Documentary about Raymond Carver was directed by Daisy Goodwin and includes contributions from Richard Ford and Jay McInerney. (1989) Dream of Life Free Directed by Steven Sebring, the film offers an intimate portrait of poet, painter, musician and singer Patti Smith. (2008) Earthlings Free Narrated by Joaquin Phoenix, and with a soundtrack provided by Moby, Earthlings "is a feature-length documentary about our absolute economic dependence on animals raised as pets, food, clothing, entertainment and for scientific research." (2005) Einstein's Brain Free A strange documentary that follows Japanese scholar Kenji Sugimoto's quest to find Einstein's brain. (1994) Europe After the Rain Free Documentary on the two great art movements, Dada Surrealism, created by the Arts Council of Great Britain. (1978) Everything1017 Free A short documentary on how David Byrne and Brian Eno make music together. By the late visual artist Hillman Curtis. (2012) F. Scott Fitzgerald: Winter Dreams Free Peabody award-winning film chronicles the life of Fitzgerald, one of America’s greatest novelists, in images and ideas as lyrical and inventive as his prose. (2002) Fear and Loathing on the Road to Hollywood Free A look at "Gonzo journalist", Hunter S. Thompson with his collaborator, British illustrator, Ralph Steadman. (1978) Fellini: A Director’s Notebook Free Federico Fellini introduces himself to America in experimental documentary aired on TV. (1969) Filming 'The Trial' Free An unfinished making-of film by Orson Welles, made in 1981, which focuses on the production of his 1962 film The Trial. (1981) First Orbit Free A real time recreation of Yuri Gagarin's pioneering first orbit, shot entirely in space from on board the International Space Station. (2011) Flamenco at 5:15 Free An Oscar winning documentary takes you inside a Flamenco dance class. The film is about dance as it is about life. (1983) Flâneur III Free An attempt at capturing the character of Paris by following the development of the city's different forms throughout the 19th and 20th centuries, in the spirit of the German philosopher Walter Benjamin. (1998) For Neda Free An HBO documentary on the life of Neda Agha-Soltan, the young woman gunned down during the crushing of Iran's Green Revolution. (2010) Founding Fathers Free Documentary narrated by Public Enemy’s Chuck D presents the true history of hip hop. Fractals: The Colors of Infinity Free Arthur C. Clarke brings us inside the world of fractal geometry, David Gilmour provides the soundtrack. (1995) Frames of Reference Free "Directed by the pioneering UK documentarian Richard Leacock, Frames of Reference is a slick and surreal dive into physics fundamentals and, in particular, why everything is indeed relative." (1960) From One Second to the Next Free German director Werner Herzog presents a harrowing 35 minute film on the dangers of texting while driving. (2013) Future Shock Free A short documentary based on a book written by futurist Alvin Toffler in 1970. It's narrated by Orson Welles. (1972) Gente del Po Free Michaelangelo Antonioni's documentary short on the people of the Po valley. (1947) George Eastman House: Picture Perfect Free The urban estate of George Eastman, who made photographers of us all, is a treasure trove of photographs and one of the world’s premier film archives. (2003) Georges Bataille: À Perte de Vues Free Documentary on the subversive French philosopher Georges Bataille. (1997) Georgia O’Keeffe: A Life in Art Free A short documentary on the painter narrated by Gene Hackman. Giacometti Free An intimate look at Alberto Giacometti in his studio, making his iconic sculptures (1965) Glass Free Directed by Bert Haanstra, this short documentary about the glass industry won the Academy Award for Documentary Short Subject in 1959. (1958) Glenn Gould Off the Record and Glenn Gould On the Record- Free Wolf Koenig and Roman Kroitor made a pair of gorgeously shot documentaries about the Canadian pianist, giving viewers insight into his life and music. (1959) Great Lakes, Bad Lines Free The story of two Michigan adventurers and their 500-mile, fossil-free journey across the Upper Peninsula along the route of Line -- a 63-year-old pipeline – that threatens our inland waters and Great Lakes. Brought to you by Patagonia, Founders, Moosejaw, and Cherry Republic. (2016) Haruki Murakami: In Search of this Elusive Writer Free Alan Yentob travels through Japan, from the midnight Tokyo of After Hours to the snowed-in Hokkaido of A Wild Sheep Chase, in a quest to find artifacts of the novelist’s imaginary world. Heavy Metal Parking Lot Free Filmed in 1986 at a Maryland concert arena parking lot before a heavy metal show, this hilarious documentary is an unvarnished anthropological study of American metalheads in their mid-'80s glory. You can also see the 2006 followup, " Heavy Metal Parking Lot Alumni: Where Are They Now. " (1986) Henri Cartier-Bresson: The Decisive Moment Free 18-minute film features a selection of Cartier-Bresson’s iconic photographs, along with rare commentary by the photographer himself. (1973) Henry Miller Asleep Awake Free Tom Schiller's minute voyage into the world of Henry Miller (Tropic of Cancer, Tropic of Capricorn). (1975) History of the Leica Camera Free The film is in German, but it's still great to watch. Hofmann's Potion Free A balanced look at the history of LSD by Canadian filmmaker Connie Littlefield. (2002) Hollywood: A Celebration of the American Silent Film Free Epic, 13-part documentary chronicles the early history of cinema. (1980) Home Free Yann Arthus-Bertrand's film that will make you look at our planet in a new way. (2009) Homemade American Music Free A history of rural southeastern traditional American music, as told and played by Mike Seeger and Alice Gerrard. (1980) How Buildings Learn Free Stewart Brand (creator of the iconic Whole Earth Catalog) created a 6-part series on architecture, with Brian Eno providing the music. (1997) How Walt Disney Cartoons Are Made Free Disney's in-house documentary walks you through the stages of Snow White‘s development. (1939) Human, All Too Human Free A three part documentary on the life thought of Nietzsche, Heidegger and Sartre. (1999) I Signed the Petition Free A philosophical meditation on the decision to sign a petition asking Radiohead to boycott performing in Tel Aviv. Directed by Mahdi Fleifel. (2018) Idem Free A short film by David Lynch on the art of making lithographs. Shot at the Idem studio in Paris. (2013) If You Love This Planet Free Oscar-winning short film on the need for nuclear disarmament. (1982) Iggy Pop and the Stooges Free A documentary from the always good South Bank Show. (2004) I'll Find a Way Free Oscar-winning documentary presents Nadia, a 9-year-old girl with spina bifida. (1977) Images of a Visionary World Free Avant-garde author Henri Michaux creates film trying to demonstrate the experience of taking hallucinogenic drugs. (1964) In Search of Moebius Free Documentary about Frenchman Jean Giraud, one of the most influential comic strip illustrators and authors of all time. In The Ocean – A Film About the Classical Avant Garde Free A documentary look at composers Philip Glass, Julia Wolfe, John Cage, Steve Reich, Elliott Carter and their contemporaries. Inside: Dr. Strangelove Free Interviews with cast members, critics, editors, producers and others associated with the picture reveal how this Cold War worst-case-scenario developed into something so very… Kubrickian. Inside the Rhapsody Free A short documentary on the making of Queen’s classic song, ‘Bohemian Rhapsody’ (2002) Jackson Pollock 51 Free – Short documentary by Hans Namuth features the abstract expressionist painter up close, painting on glass. (1951) Jacques Lacan Speaks Free The psychoanalyst gives a packed lecture at the Catholic University of Louvain in 1972, followed by a probing interview. One of only known appearances by Lacan on film. Shot by Belgian documentarian Francoise Wolff. (1972) Jazz Hot Free Django Reinhardt, violinist Stéphane Grappelli and their band the Quintette du Hot Club de France perform together in a short film designed to promote a UK tour. (1938) John Peel's Record Box Free British documentary explores the most prized records in John Peel's huge record collection, which he kept stored in a special box. (2005) Jorge Luis Borges: The Mirror Man Free Documentary on Argentina's most famous and beloved literary figure. (2000) Ladies and Gentlemen... Mr. Leonard Cohen Free This Canadian documentary captures Leonard Cohen just as he was poised to begin his singer-songwriter career. (1965) Last Days at the Fillmore Free Documents the final days of Bill Graham's Fillmore West. (1972) Laughing and Not Being Normal Free A documentary about the feminist music producer, Grimes. (2016) Le dinosaure et le bébé, dialogue en huit parties entre Fritz Lang et Jean-Luc Godard Free A 1967 TV documentary featuring two great filmmakers (Jean-Luc Godard and Fritz Lang) in conversation. (1967) Le Noise Free Directed by Adam Vollick, this movie features a live performance of Neil Young's album Le Noise. It was recorded at the studios of Daniel Lanois in LA. (2010) Life in a Day Free Film captures for future generations what it was like to be alive on the 24th of July, 2010. Executive produced by Ridley Scott and directed by Kevin Macdonald. Live at Pompeii Free David Gilmour makes his Live at Pompeii concert film free to watch online. (2016) Lost Kubrick: The Unfinished Films of Stanley Kubrick Free Narrated by Malcolm McDowell, this short documentary examines the films Stanley Kubrick developed but didn't live long enough to make. Features interviews given by Kubrick's longtime producer Jan Harlan, Jack Nicholson, Sydney Pollack etc. (2007) Lovecraft: Fear of the Unknown Free Named the Best Documentary at the 2008 Comic-Con International Independent Film Festival, the film revisits the life and writings of H.P. Lovecraft, the father of modern horror fiction. (2008) Manhatta Free A short documentary film directed by painter Charles Sheeler and photographer Paul Strand. It's considered America's first avant-garde film. (1921) M.C. Escher: Adventures in Perception Free The first half of the film shows a lot of M.C. Escher's work accompanied by a dissonant score by Felix Visser. About halfway through, we see shots of Escher at work. (1971) Marcel Duchamp: Iconoclaste et Inoxydable Free Three- part, three-hour documentary with interviews about Marcel Duchamp, directed by Fabrice Maze. (2009) Mel Blanc: The Man of a Thousand Voices Free Documentary focuses on voice artist extraordinaire Mel Blanc. (2008) Meltdown: The Secret History of the Global Financial Collapse Free A part look at the 2008 financial crisis by the CBC. (2011) Memory of the Camps Free An attempt to revive a World War II film meant to document the Holocaust. Hitchcock was involved with the original project. (1985) Metamorphose: M.C. Escher, 1898-1972 Free Reveals the life and work of artist M.C. Escher. (1999) Michel Foucault: Beyond Good and Evil Free Documentary explores the controversial life and work of Michel Foucault. (1993) Mingus Free A close-up of bass player and composer Charlie Mingus as he and his five-year-old daughter await eviction by the City of New York. (1968) My Dinner with Abbie Free An ex flower child sits down for dinner with a revolutionary icon of the 60s and 70s, Abbie Hoffman. (1990) N is a Number Free Documentary directed by George Paul Csicsery about the life of mathematician Paul Erdős. Nanking Free A reminder of the heartbreaking toll war takes on the innocent, this award-winning documentary tells the story of the Japanese invasion of Nanking, China. With Woody Harrelson, Mariel Hemingway and Jurgen Prochnow. (2007) Nanook of the North Free The first feature length documentary. Directed by Robert J. Flaherty, the film, focusing on an Inuit family living in the Arctic Circle, was one of the first films to be selected for historical preservation by the Library of Congress. (1922) Nazi VR Free A short documentary on how a virtual reality model of Auschwitz was created to successfully prosecute a German SS guard seven decades after WWII. (2017) Nico-Icon Free Focuses on Nico, renowned for her associations with artist Andy Warhol and the Velvet Underground. (1995) No Substitute for Victory Free Propaganda, Pro-Vietnam documentary hosted by John Wayne. (1970) No Maps for These Territories Free Brings you on a road trip and into the mind of cyberspace visionary William Gibson. (2000) November 22, 1963 Free In a short documentary, Errol Morris asks what we can and cannot know about the Kennedy assassination. (2013) One Way Street Free Explores the life and work of German Jewish critic and philosopher, Walter Benjamin. (1993) Operation Concrete (aka Opération béton) Free The first movie by Jean Luc Godard. It's a short documentary about the building of the dam. (1955) Orwell Rolls in His Grave Free America's leading intellectuals discuss examine the mix of businesses, politics ideology that is the mainstream media. (2003) Our Hobby is Depeche Mode Free Jeremy Deller's and Nicholas Abrahams' documentary on Depeche Mode fans. (2007) Paul Klee: The Silence of the Angel Free A visual journey into the work of a major painter of the 20th century by Michael Gaumnitz, an award-winning documentarian of artists and sculptors. (2005) Paul McCartney: Chaos Creation at Abbey Road Free Sir Paul revisits the Beatles' recording techniques and vintage instruments used by the band. (2005) Pen, Brush and Camera Free 50-minute documentary about the life and work of Henri Cartier-Bresson, the photographer considered to be the father of photojournalism. (1998) Philosophy: A Guide to Happiness Free With Alain de Botton. A documentary series that shows how Nietzsche, Socrates and four other philosophers can change your life. (2000) Philosophy and the Matrix: Return to the Source Free Documentary looks at how The Matrix dealt with questions about religious revelation and authority, parapsychology, free will and determinism, and the nature of personal identity. (2004) Pickin' Trimmin' Free Award-winning short documentary features bluegrass musicians in a down-home North Carolina barbershop. (2008) Plagues Pleasures on the Salton Sea Free Cult movie legend John Waters narrates an offbeat documentary on the accidental lake created in the desert of Southern California. (2004) Plastic Bag Free Werner Herzog narrates the existential journey of a plastic bag. Directed by Ramin Bahrani. (2009) Portrait of an Artist: Jackson Pollock Free Documentary of the abstract expressionist artist narrated by Melvyn Bragg. (1987) Portrait Werner Herzog Free A German production directed by Herzog himself, Portrait Werner Herzog shows the director in his homeland, in Munich. (1986) Powers of Ten Free Famous short film depicts the relative scale of the Universe in factors of ten. Made by legendary designers Ray and Charles Eames. (1977) Profile of a Writer: Jorge Luis Borges Free Arena documentary the life and writings of Argentina’s favorite son, Jorge Luis Borges. (1983) Pussy Riot: The Movement Free Narrated by Daryl Hannah, this documentary profiles Pussy Riot and their disturbing two-year prison sentences for singing a punk song in a Moscow cathedral. (2013) Queen of Code Free Direct by Gillian Jacobs, this short doc looks at the life and career of Grace Hopper, who worked on the first computer and headed the team that created the first compiler. (2015) Ray Bradbury: Story of a Writer Free A half-hour television documentary about Ray Bradbury. (1963) Red Shirley Free Lou Reed’s short documentary on his fascinating 100-year-old cousin. (2010) Report from the Aleutians Free John Huston, while a member of the U.S. Army Signal Corps in 1943, creates an Academy Award winning documentary about the Armed Forces' effort to prevent the fall of the Aleutian Islands to Japanese troops. (1943) Road to the Stars Free Directed by Pavel Klushantsev, this Soviet documentary combines elements of science education films and speculative science fiction. It was groundbreaking for its use of special effects to depict life in space. (1957) Room to Dream: David Lynch and the Independent Filmmaker Free David Lynch explains how he brings his unique vision to the screen with technologies that are now within reach for independent filmmakers. (2005) Russia's Open Book: Writing in the Age of Putin Free Stephen Fry hosts a documentary exploring the vital literary scene in contemporary Russia. (2014) Samurai Sword: Making of a Legend Free This story of the Katana sword provides a unique insight into the Samurai masters and the swords they use. (2008) Sea of Faith Free In this six-part series, Don Cupitt explores the history of Christianity in the modern world, exploring the works of philosophers like Blaise Pascal, René Descartes, Kierkegaard, Jung, Freud, Schopenhauer, Nietzsche, Wittgenstein and more. (1984) Scenes from Allen’s Last Three Days on Earth as a Spirit Free A kind of video diary of poet Allen Ginsberg's last days. (1997) Sell Spin: A History of Advertising Free Dick Cavett narrates the history of advertising, from ancient times to modern. (1999) ¿Sería Buenos Aires? Free An award-winning documentary looking at Argentina's response to modern crises. (2006) She's Nobody's Baby: A History of American Women in the 20th Century Free Alan Alda and Marlo Thomas trace the evolution of the roles and lives of women in the 20th century. (1982) Shenzhen: The Silicon Valley of Hardware Free From Wired comes a documentary looking at how Shenzen, the frenetic heart of China's tech industry, is becoming a city of the future. (2016) Shock of the New Free Art critic Robert Hughes looks at the the development of modern art since the Impressionists. (1980) Sketches of Frank Gehry Free Sydney Pollack documentary explores Frank Gehry’s creative process, from sketching to making the physical and 3D models to the construction itself. (2005) Soft Self Portrait of Salvador Dali Free French director Jean-Christophe Averty traveled to Spain in 1970 and shot a surreal biographical documentary on the artist. (1970) Some Yo Yo Stuff Free A short film about Captain Beefheart by Anton Corbijn. (1993) Stravinsky Free This documentary is an informal portrait of the great modern composer Igor Stravinsky. Directed by Wolf Koenig Roman Kroitor. (1966) Stress, Portrait of a Killer Free Scientific discoveries in the field and in the lab prove that stress is not just a state of mind, but something measurable and dangerous. Features Stanford neurobiologist Robert Sapolsky. (2008) Sun Ra: A Joyful Noise Free Experimental jazz visionary Sun Ra was filmed on location in Philadelphia, Baltimore, and Washington, D.C. between 1978 and 1980 by director Robert Mugge. Includes public and private performances, poetry readings, interviews and extensive improvisations with Sun Ra and his Arkestra. (1980) Symphony in Black: A Rhapsody of Negro Life Free A musical short that features Duke Ellington’s early extended piece, "A Rhapsody of Negro Life." Stars 19-year-old Billie Holiday. (1935) Ten Days That Shook the World Free Originally called Oktyabr, Sergei Eisenstein's film documents the Russian Revolution of 1917. A masterpiece by a pioneering filmmaker. (1928) The ABCs of Dada Free Explores the origins of and contributors to the Dada movement. (2012) The American West of John Ford Free A documentary encapsulating the career and Western films of director John Ford, featuring interviews with John Wayne, James Stewart and Henry Fonda. (1971) The Artist Formerly Known as Captain Beefheart Free Elaine Shepherd’s classic BBC documentary, introduced and narrated by John Peel. (1997) The Batmobile Free Directed by Roko Belic, this documentary explores the evolution of the Batmobile. (2012) The Battle of Midway Free Directed by John Ford. Narrated by Henry Fonda. On June 4-6, 1942, Japanese forces attempted to capture Midway Island in the North Pacific, but were defeated by U.S. forces. On hand was a crew of naval photographers directed by John Ford. (1942) The Battle of San Pietro Free John Huston's war time documentary. (1945) The Charles Bukowski Tapes Free A collection of 52 short interviews conducted by French filmmaker Barbet Schroeder, who directed the Bukowski-penned Barfly. (1987) The Church Of Saint Coltrane Free Directed by Gayle Gilman and Jeff Swimmer, this film looks at The Church of Saint Coltrane in San Francisco, which has canonized John Coltrane as their patron saint and on Sundays holds five-hour jam sessions interspersed with liturgy and fellowship. (1996) The Complete Star Wars Filmumentaries Free Jamie Benning has created a trilogy of documentary-commentaries on the Star Wars trilogy. Features deleted scenes, alternate takes and different angles, bloopers, original on set audio recordings and a huge amount of commentary from cast and crew. The Confessions of Robert Crumb Free A portrait of the artist scripted by the underground comics legend himself (1987) The Crazy Never Die Free 30 minute shot-on-video documentary that looks into the more publicly wild and performative side of Hunter S. Thompson's personality. (1988) The Cry of Jazz Free Controversial film by Ed Bland explores issues around African-Americans and jazz in the United States. Includes interviews with artists and intellectuals and performances by Sun Ra and John Gilmore. In 2010, the film was selected for preservation in the United States National Film Registry by the Library of Congress. (1958) The Distortion of Sound Free A documentary about the decline of sound quality and how technology has changed the way we listen to music. Features numerous musicians. (2014) The Einstein Theory of Relativity Free Einstein’s theory of relativity explained in one of the earliest science films ever made. (1923) The Fighting Lady Free Directed by William Wyler, this film provides a portrait of life on a World War II aircraft carrier (1944) The Four Horsemen Free Directed by Ross Ashcroft, the indie documentary is a "jeremiad against the folly of Neo-classical economics and the threats it represents to all we should hold dear." (2012) The Genius of Charles Darwin Free A three part series presented by Oxford biologist Richard Dawkins. (2008) The God Delusion Free Oxford evolutionary biologist Richard Dawkins argues that the world would be better off without religion. The film accompanied a book by the same title. (2006) The Godmother of Rock N Roll: Sister Rosetta Tharpe Free The life, music influence of African-American gospel singer and guitar virtuoso Sister Rosetta Tharpe. Directed by Mick Csaky. Find film at bottom of linked page. (2014) The Henry Miller Odyssey Free Robert Snyder's documentary, almost entirely narrated by Miller, follows the author through his early years, from his childhood in Brooklyn to his blissful exile in Paris. See more in the original review by The Harvard Crimson. (1969) The History of the Typewriter Recited by Michael Winslow Free Sound effects genius Michael Winslow performs the sounds of 32 typewriters made between 1898-1983. (2010) The Hitch Free Kristoffer Seland Hellesmark created an 80-minute documentary about the iconoclastic journalist Christopher Hitchens, lovingly entitled The Hitch, which features clips from his speeches and interviews. (2014) The House I Live In Free A ten-minute short film starring Frank Sinatra made to oppose anti-Semitism and racial prejudice at the end of World War II. (1945) The Joy of Stats Free Hans Rosling says there’s nothing boring about stats, and then proves it in an one-hour long documentary. (2010) The Land Where the Blues Began Free Alan Lomax takes you into the Mississippi Delta, into to the heart of the Blues. (1978) The Last 48 Hours of Kurt Cobain Free British documentary takes a look the final days of Kurt Cobain, the Nirvana frontman who committed suicide in 1994. (2007) The James Dean Story Free Documentary on the life and times of James Dean made by the great filmmaker Robert Altman -- MASH, The Player, Gosford Park, etc. (1957) The Love for Wood Free A documentary about well known Dutch chess players, featuring Jan Timman, Hans Ree, Piet Hein Donner, Max Euwe and others. It's a beautiful document of the period and the state of chess at that time. English subtitles. (1979) The Magic Sun Free A rtist Phil Niblock captures a brief moment of an interstellar communication by Sun Ra and his Solar Arkestra in their prime. (1968) The Making of Almost Blue Free South Bank Show follows Elvis Costello to Nashville for the making of his album "Almost Blue." (1981) The Making of Dark Side of the Moon Free A look inside the creation of a famous Pink Floyd album. (2003) The Making of Koyaanisqatsi Free Director Godfrey Reggio gives you the backstory behind his 1982 film, Koyaanisqatsi. The March Free James Blues's “visually stunning, moving, and arresting documentary of the hope, determination, and camaraderie" embodied by The Great March on Washington. (1964) The Men Who Made the Movies: Hitchcock Free A look at Alfred Hitchcock's films. The Master of Suspense himself, who is interviewed extensively here, shares stories about filmmaking. (1973) The Mystery of Picasso Free Pablo Picasso’s art emerges in front of our eyes in this remarkable film by the French master of suspense, Henri-Georges Clouzot. (1956) The New Cinema Free Never-aired TV documentary takes a look at the new Hollywood scene emerging in 1967. Features footage of Dustin Hoffman, Roman Polanski, Francis Ford Coppola and George Lucas. (1968) The Nomi Song Free Andrew Horn's doc a bout the life of singer Klaus Nomi. Debuted at the Berlin International Film Festival and won a Teddy Award for "Best Documentary Film. (2004) The Outsider: The Story of Harry Partch Free A documentary about the avant-garde composer Harry Partch. (2002) The Penultimate Truth About Philip K. Dick Free Documentary about the mystical experiences of sci-fi writer Philip K. Dick. (2007) The Photographer Free Reveals the philosophy, techniques artistry of Edward Weston (1948) The Power of Nightmares Free A three-part history of how radical Islamism in many ways paralleled the rise of Neo-Conservatism. Though critically acclaimed, it never aired in America. (2004) The Real Bruce Lee Free This martial arts documentary begins with a brief biography of Bruce Lee, and shows scenes from four of his childhood films, Bad Boy, Orphan Sam, Kid Cheung, and The Carnival, each sepia-toned and dubbed to English. (1979) The Queen of Trees Free The remarkable story of an African fig tree and the special relationship it has with the animals who depend on it. A Peabody award-winning natural history documentary. (2005) The Responsive Eye Free Brian DePalma's short film documenting the opening night of an OP ART exhibition at the Museum of Modern Art in New York in 1966. The Secret Life of Adolf Hitler Free 1950's television documentary that includes interviews with Hitler's sister Paula Wolf and footage from Eva Braun's rare home movies. The Simulation Hypothesis Free Are we living in a virtual reality? And if so, could we ever tell? Features Appearances by Max Tegmark, Neil degrasse Tyson, Paul Davies and James Gates (2015). The Japanese Sword as the Soul of the Samurai Free Obscure documentary on the making of Japanese swords, narrated by George Takei, offers a fascinating look at the exhaustive process of forging samurai swords. (1969) The Space Shuttle Free History of the US Space Shuttle program narrated by William Shatner. (2011) The Spanish Earth Free A Spanish Civil War propaganda film written and narrated by Ernest Hemingway. (1937) The Strange Case of the Cosmic Rays Free Puppets of Dostoevsky, Dickens and Poe star in an educational science film created by Frank Capra. (1957) The Story of the Guitar Free A three part documentary reveals how the guitar came to “dominate the soundtrack of our lives.” (2008) The Story of Wish You Were Here Free Takes you inside the making of Pink Floyd's 1975 album. (2012) The Tibetan Book of the Dead Free Narrated by Leonard Cohen and featuring the Dalai Lama, the film explores an essential teaching in the Buddhist cultures of the Himalayas. (1994) The Unchained Goddess Free After winning three Oscars for best director, Frank Capra produced a science education film on the weather that made one of the first arguments for taking action against climate change. (1958) The World of Buckminster Fuller Free Directed by Robert Snyder, this documentary transports you into Fuller's mind and soul. It's told entirely in his own words. (1974) Triumph of the Will Free (1935) The major Nazi propaganda work by Leni Riefenstahl. With subtitles. The Ten-Year Lunch Free Oscar-winning film about the writers who sat at the Algonquin Round Table in New York during the 1920s. (1986) The True Glory Free War time propaganda documentary directed by Carol Reed, with General Dwight D. Eisenhower and General George S. Patton. (1945) The Universal Mind of Bill Evans Free 1966 documentary takes you inside the creative process/world of jazz pianist Bill Evans. The Velvet Underground: A Symphony of Sound Free Produced by Andy Warhol, the film shows VU performing a 67-minute instrumental improvisation. (1966) The Way of the Flesh Free Directed by Adam Curtis this documentary on Henrietta Lacks won the Best Science and Nature Documentary at the San Francisco International Film Festival. Find an alternate version on Archive.org. (1998) The World At War Free Acclaimed 26-episode WWII documentary "The World at War" was produced by Thames Television and aired in 1973-1974. There is No Authority But Yourself Free Feature documentary about seminal anarcho-punk band Crass, directed by Dutch filmmaker Alexander Oey. (2006) This is Marshall McLuhan: The Medium is the Message Free "Marshall McLuhan discusses his controversial communications theories in this experimental documentary produced by Oscar-winner Ernest Pintoff and Guy Fraumeni." Came out the same year as his book: The Medium is the Massage. (1967) This is Ska Free Filmed on location in Kingston, Jamaica, this documentary features performances by a who's who of up-and-coming ska artists, including Prince Buster, Jimmy Cliff and The Maytals. (1964) Thomas Pynchon: A Journey Into the Mind of P. Free A documentary, written directed by Donatello Dubini Fosco Dubini, on the reclusive novelist. (2008) To Hear Your Banjo Play Free 16-minute introduction to American folk music, written narrated by Alan Lomax and featuring rare performances by Woody Guthrie, Baldwin Hawes, Sonny Terry. (1946) Tokyo Girls Free A candid journey into the world of young Canadian women who work as well-paid hostesses in exclusive Japanese nightclubs. These modern-day geisha find themselves caught up in the mizu shobai the complex "floating water world" of Tokyo clubs and bars. (2000) Tolstoy Remembered Free Documentary features Tolstoy's daughter. Directed by Michael Rabiger. (1970) Tom Waits: A Day in Vienna Free Tom Waits sings and tells stories in film that originally aired on Austrian TV. (1979) Toute la mémoire du monde (All the World's Memories) Free Alain Resnais's short documentary looks at the inner workings of the Bibliothèque nationale de France in Paris. It's "a meditative piece about the fragility of human memory and the ways in which we try to shore it up." (1956) Trapped: Andy Warhol’s Amiga Experiments Free Short film documents how Carnegie Mellon experts recovered lost paintings that Andy Warhol made on the Commodore Amiga computer during the 1980s. Tunisian Victory Free World War II documentary directed by Frank Capra and narrated by Burgess Meredith. (1944) UFOs: It Has Begun Free Documentary narrated by Rod Serling explores the existence of UFOs and extra-terrestrial beings. (1979) Universe Free A 1960 documentary that inspired the visual Effects of Stanley Kubrick’s 2001: A Space Odyssey and gave the HAL 9000 computer its voice (1960) Unguided Tour AKA Letter from Venice Free Susan Sontag adapted the Italian-language feature from her story of the same name, originally published in 1977 in the New Yorker. (1983) Urban Struggle: The Battle Of The Cuckoos Nest Free Documents the hardcore punk scene at the Cuckoo's Nest nightclub. Features performances by T.S.O.L., Circle Jerks and Black Flag, and shows early slam dancing. (1981) Van Gogh: Painted with Words Free Written and directed by Andrew Hutton, this drama-documentary about Vincent Van Gogh features Benedict Cumberbatch in the lead role. (2010) Vegetarian World Free "William Shatner walks us through the history, benefits, and misconceptions of adhering to a vegetarian diet." (1982) Velvet Underground: Under Review Free 75 minute film reviewing the music and career of one of rock music's most influential collectives; a band which esteemed music journalist Lester Bangs claims 'started modern music'. US Canadian viewers only. (2006) Vermeer: Master of Light Free Explores Vermeer's compositional methods and techniques. Narrated by Meryl Streep. (2001) Victory at Sea Free Award-winning, 26 episode TV series chronicling naval warfare during WWII. (1953) Vietnam! Vietnam! Free The last film produced by the legendary John Ford was a work of propaganda commissioned by the United States government in support of the Vietnam War. (1971) Virginia Woolf: A Novelist Free Draws on old maps, contemporary drawings and paintings, portraits and other archive material to present an outline of Virginia Woolf's life and to convey a picture of the social and historical background to her writing. Visit to Picasso Free Part Free Part Belgian filmmaker Paul Haesaerts captures Picasso's creative process. (1949) Viva Joe Strummer Free A documentary look at the great frontman of The Clash. (2005) Waiting for Beckett Free Rare feature-length documentary on the Nobel Prize-winning writer Samuel Beckett. (1993) Warhol's Cinema A Mirror for the Sixties Free -This 64 minute documentary from 1989 examines Andy Warhol’s films from the 1960s. (You can view several of these films -- Eat, Sleep, and Kiss -- here.) (1989) Watching My Name Go By Free A short documentary about the early days of graffiti culture in New York City. (1976) Wattstax Free Documents the “Black Woodstock” concert held years after the Watts Riots. (1973) Werner Herzog Eats His Shoe Free Herzog loses a bet to Errol Morris and eats a shoe with the help of chef Alice Waters. (1980) Who’s Out There? Free Orson Welles narrates a documentary asking whether there’s extraterrestrial life in the Universe. (1975) Who is Afraid of Ai Weiwei? Free A short PBS Frontline documentary on the dissident Chinese artist. (2011) Who's Afraid Of Machiavelli Free This documentary asks how relevant Machiavelli's book, The Prince, is 500 years after its publication. (2013) Why We Fight Free A seven part series of WWII propaganda films directed by Frank Capra. (1943) What the Future Sounded Like? -Free From Dr Who to The Dark Side of the Moon, "the pioneering members of the Electronic Music Studios radically changed the sound-scape of the 20th Century. What the Future Sounded Like tells this fascinating story of British electronic music." (2007) William S. Burroughs: 100 Years Free A short feature on the life of writer William S. Burroughs by the LA Review of Books. (2014) William S. Burroughs Lawrence Free William S. Burroughs and his years in Lawrence, Kansas. He lived in Lawrence longer than in any other place and chose to spend the last several years of his life here. (2014) WikiRebels Free Documentary by Swedish public television chronicles history of Wikileaks. (2010) Wittgenstein: A Wonderful Life Free About the remarkable life of the Austrian philosopher Ludwig Wittgenstein. (1989) Woody Guthrie Free Covers the life of Woody Guthrie, America's great travelling singer-songwriter. (1988) You Don't Know Jack Free Morgan Spurlock’s short documentary on the 15-year-old who invented a new way to detect early stage pancreatic cancer. (2013) Young At Heart Free An Oscar winning documentary about two widowed artists in their mid-80's who meet on a painting tour to England and fall madly in love. (2007) Free Animated Films Online 66 Oscar-Nominated-and-Award-Winning Animated Shorts Online, Courtesy of the National Film Board of Canada Free A big collection of prize-winning animated short films. Animations of Stories Poems by Shel Silverstein Free Includes “Ickle Me, Pickle Me, Tickle Me Too” from Where the Sidewalk Ends 13 Experimental Short Films by Tezuka Osamu Free Early animations by Tezuka Osamau, often called the Walt Disney of Japan. 30 Films from the 1970s by Computer Animation Pioneer Lillian F. Schwartz Free Watch films by one of the first women artists notable for basing almost her entire body of work on computational media. A Country Doctor Free A Franz Kaka story retold in an award-winning animation by Japanese animator Koji Yamamura. (2007) A Herb Alpert the Tijuana Brass Double Feature Free A precursor to modern music videos, this Oscar-winning animated film by John Faith Hubley is set to the music of two popular songs recorded by Herb Alpert. (1966) A Short Vision Free Animated film directed by Peter and Joan Foldes depicts the complete annihilation of the Earth and all life on it, presumably after an atomic blast. The film became a sensation after it was aired on The Ed Sullivan Show. (1956) Ah Pook is Here Free A stop motion animation based on audio recordings by William S. Burroughs, with music by John Cale. (1994) American History Free An off-kilter student film from South Park creator Trey Parker. (1992) Anémic Cinéma Free Marcel Duchamp's avant-garde film combines whirling optical illusions, known as Rotoreliefs, with spiraling puns and complex word play. (1926) Astro Boy: Birth of Astro Boy Free The first episode of the animated series, Astro Boy, created by famed Japanese animator Osamu Tezuka. (1963) Battle Free Soviet animated adaptation of Stephen King's short story, "Battleground." (1986) Breathdeath Free Cutout animation film that inspired Terry Gilliam and ended up on his list of The 10 Best Animated Films of All Time. (1963) Cinderella Free One of the first films by the silhouette animator Lotte Reiniger (1922). Cold War Pro-Capitalism Animations Free A series of Cold War animations that explain why American capitalism is the best way to go. Films were funded by the CEO of General Motors. Confidence Free Classic animation from the Great Depression shows how animators tried to get America through a dark time. (1933) Crime and Punishment Free Dostoevsky's classic work wonderfully animated by Piotr Dumala (2000) Curious Alice Free In this film intended for young kids, Alice falls asleep while reading a book. She encounters cigarettes, liquor, and medicines, and realizes that they are all types of drugs. (1971) Der Erlking Free A visual representation of Goethe's poem, The ErlKing, that uses sand-on-glass animation set to the music of Franz Schubert. (2002) Der Fuehrer’s Face Free Disney's anti-Nazi propaganda movie featuring Donald Duck. Won the Academy Award for Best Animated Short Film. (1942) Destino Free Walt Disney and Salvador Dalí began working together in 1946 on a project that was tabled, then finally revived and finished in 2003. Dimensions of Dialogue Free Jan Svankmajer, a surrealist Czech animator, influenced Tim Burton, The Brothers Quay, and Terry Gilliam himself. Gilliam puts this claymation short on his list of The Ten Best Animated Films. (1982) Drums West Free Cut-paper animation by Jim Henson. It is one of several experimental shorts inspired by the music of jazz great Chico Hamilton. (1961) Dumbland Free A series of crude, Beavis and Butthead-style animations by David Lynch (2002) Early Japanese Animations Free A collection of early Japanese animations that show where the Japanese anime tradition began. (1917 to 1931) Education for Death: The Making of the Nazi Free Disney's WW II propaganda film looks at how the Nazi machine corrupts youth. (1943) Every Child Free Eugene Fedorenko's animated short about an unwanted baby cared for by homeless men. 1979 Oscar-winner for Best Animated Short Film. Fantasmagorie Free The first fully animated film ever made. 700 drawings in minutes by Emile Cohl. (1908) Father and Daughter Free Michaël Dudok De Wit's heartbreaking short won the 2000 Academy Award for Animated Short Film. Franz Kafka Free Piotr Dumala's wonderful 16 minute animated film based on Kafka's diaries. (1992) Freedom River Free A short animated film narrated by Orson Welles. A parable about mankind getting along. Alternate version here. (1971) Glass Harmonica Free The only animated film ever banned by Soviet censors. (1968) Granny O'Grimm's Sleeping Beauty- Free minute animated black comedy. Shortlisted for the 2010 Oscar for Best Animated Short Film. Gulliver's Travels Free American cel-animated Technicolor feature film, directed by Dave Fleischer. (1939) Gumbasia Free First clay animation produced by Art Clokey, who went on to create the classic series, Gumby. (1955) Here There be Tygers Free A Soviet animation of a short story by Ray Bradbury. Directed by Vladimir Samsonov (1989). How a Mosquito Operates Free One of the surviving works by famed animator Winsor McCay. (1912) How Animated Cartoons Are Made Free One of the earliest, truest looks at how cartoons were made in the earliest 20th century. Features animation pioneer Wallace Carlson. (1919) Humorous Phases of Funny Faces Free Made by James Stuart Blackton, this short film is considered the first animation ever made. (1906) Hunger Free Directed by Peter Foldes, Hunger is one of the first computer animation films. It won a Special Jury Prize at the 1974 Cannes Film Festival and was nominated for an Academy Award for Best Animated Short Film. (1974) I Touch a Red Button Man Free A short film by David Lynch and Interpol. Originally shown at the Coachella 2011 Festival. Is It Right to Be Always Right? Free Narrated by Orson Welles, this Oscar-winning film directed by Lee Mishkin is a parable that comments on divisions in the United States. (1970) Jazzmosphere Free An animated film on the relationship between images and sound, created by Michel Gondry and Jean-Louis Bompoint. (1988) King and Octopus Free Tim Burton's short animation made during film school at CalArts. (1978) Lichtspiel Opus Free The first avant garde animation shown in public, by German artist Walter Ruttmann. (1921) Logorama Free François Alaux and Herve de Crecy’s 17 minute film, Logorama, won the Oscar for Short Film (Animated) in 2009. Madame Tutli-Putli Free Oscar-nominated animated short film by Montreal filmmakers Chris Lavis and Maciek Szczerbowski. (2010) Malice in Wonderland Free An acid trip adaptation of Lewis Carroll's Alice in Wonderland. Vince Collins did the animation with graphic design by Miwako. (1982) Mathmagic Land Free A 27-minute educational featurette by Disney was nominated for an Oscar and widely shown in American schools. "We have recently explained mathematics in a film," said Walt Disney "and in that way excited public interest in this very important subject. (1959) Mickey Mouse in Vietnam Free An underground, anti-war animation co-created by Milton Glaser. (1968) Mona Lisa Descending a Staircase Free Joan Gratz’ 1992 Oscar-winning animation provides a chronological trip through the history of modern art, beginning with Impressionism and passing through Cubism and Surrealism en route to Pop art and hyper-realism. (1992) Mourir Auprès de Toi (To Die By Your Side) Free Spike Jonze collaborates with Olivia Le-Tan and Simon Cahn to produce stop motion film set in Shakespeare and Company in Paris (2011) Neighbors Free Norman McLaren animates live actors with techniques normally used to put drawings/puppets into motion. Oscar winner. (1952) Optical Poems Free Avant-garde short animation by Oskar Fischinger. Features handmade shapes, suspended by fishing line, moving in sync with Franz Liszt's "2nd Hungarian Rhapsody." Princess Iron Fan Free The first animated Chinese feature film. Made during WW II, when China was under Japanese occupation. (1941) Private Snafu Free World War II propaganda cartoons created by Dr. Seuss, Frank Capra Mel Blanc. (1943) Purl Free Directed by Kristen Lester, this Pixar short features an earnest ball of yarn named Purl who gets a job in a fast-paced, high energy, bro-tastic start-up. (2019) Reason and Emotion Free Walt Disney uses some neuroscience to explain the forces behind World War II. (1943) Red Hot Riding Hood Free A rebellious version of Little Red Riding Hood created by Tex Avery. Ranked 7th on list of The 50 Greatest Cartoons. (1943) Ryan Free Oscar-winning animated short from Chris Landreth based on the life of Ryan Larkin, the influential Canadian animator. (2004) Seder Masochism Free Directed by Nina Paley, and loosely following a traditional Passover Seder, the events of Exodus are retold by Moses, Aharon, the Angel of Death, Jesus, and the director’s own father. But there’s another side to this story: that of the Goddess, humankind’s original deity. (2018) Sherlock Hound Free Hayao Miyazaki directed six episodes of the animated series that featured a corgi Sherlock Hound and terrier Doctor Watson going on adventures across a steampunk London. (1984) Sisyphus Free An Oscar-nominated Hungarian short film directed by Marcell Jankovics, based on the myth of Sisyphus. (1974) Sita Sings the Blues Free New prize-winning animated film by Nina Paley. (2008) So Much for So Little Free Legendary animator Chuck Jones creates a cartoon touting the virtues of universal healthcare. (1949) Soviet Toys Free Dziga Vertov, best known for his landmark film A Man with a Movie Camera, also made the Soviet Union’s first ever animated movie. (1924) Special Delivery Free Hilarious story won 1978 Oscar for Best Animated Short Film. Stalk of the Celery Monster Free A short animation Tim Burton made while in film school at CalArts. (1979) Steamboat Willie Free The first Disney cartoon that introduced sound animation and Mickey Mouse to the larger world. (1928) Story of One Crime Free The directorial debut of Fyodor Khitruk, the animator of some of the greatest animation ever produced in Russia. (1962) Storytime Free The debut animation film by Monty Python legend Terry Gilliam. (1968) Street Musique Free Influential animated film by Ryan Larkin. (1972) Superman Free Max Fleischer's short animated movie. Nominated for the 1942 Academy Award for Best Short Subject: Cartoons. Other shorts that followed can be viewed here. (1941) Superman: The Mechanical Monsters Free Film captures the era's characteristic ambivalence in reconciling the need for progress with the fear of technology. Find more episodes in this series at Toonami Digital Arsenal. (1941) Thank You, Mask Man Free Lenny Bruce comedy routine about the Lone Ranger gets turned into an outlandish animated film. (1968) The Ant and the Grasshopper Free Early stop animation film by the great Russian animator Ladislas Starevich. (1911) The Cameraman's Revenge Free This very early silent era stop-motion film was made by Ladislas Starevich in imperial Russia in 1912. He used real insects to create the story. (1912) The Cathedral Free "The Cathedral" is the title of a sci fi short story by Jacek Dukaj. It was turned into a short animated movie by Tomasz Bagiński and nominated in 2002 for the Academy Award for Animated Short Film. (2002) The Cave Free A short claymation film animating the famous cave allegory in Plato's Republic. (2008) The Centaurs Free An incomplete work by Winsor McCay. (1921) The Critic Free – Mel Brooks 1963 animation features an old Yiddish watching abstract animations. Hilarious film won Oscar. (1963) The Curious Adventures of Mr. Wonderbird Free A low budget release of the influential animated film The King and the Mockingbird, created by Paul Grimault and Jaques Prévert. This version was narrated by Peter Ustinov. (1952) The Danish Poet Free Animated short film written, directed, and animated by Torill Kove and narrated by Liv Ullmann, won the Academy Award in 2006. The Dot and the Line Free Chuck Jones' animated film celebrates geometry and hard work. (1965) The Dream of a Ridiculous Free Wonderful animation of Dostoevsky's story by Oscar-winning Russian animator Alexander Petrov. (1992) The Employment Free A prize winning commentary on why we're disenchanted by work today. (2011) The Family That Dwelt Apart Free Based on a short story published by E.B. White in The New Yorker in 1937. (1983) The Fantastic Flying Books of Mr. Morris Lessmore Free Oscar-winning film by Moonbot Studios pays homage to a bygone era when elegantly printed books inhabited our world. (2011) The Happy Prince Free A faithful rendering of an Oscar Wilde children's story. Features the voices of Christopher Plummer and Glynis Johns. (1974) The Hobbit Free This short animation by P rague-based animator Gene Deitch was the first film adaptation of Tolkien's classic. (1966) The Hole Free A 15-minute animated film by John Hubley and Faith Hubley that won an Academy Award for Best Animated Short Film in 1962. Features the voice of Dizzy Gillespie. (1962) The Idea Free Created by Czech filmmaker Berthold Bartosch, The Idea has been called “the first animated film created as an artwork with serious, even tragic, social and philosophical themes.” (1932) The Giving Tree Free An animated adaptation of Shel Silverstein's wonderful children's book. (1973) The John Lennon Sketchbook Free Oscar-winning animator John Canemaker brings to life the drawings and doodles of John Lennon. (1986) The Junky's Christmas Free Short claymation film starring (and written by) William S. Burroughs. Danny the Carwiper spends Christmas Day trying to score a fix, but finds the Christmas spirit instead. Produced by Coppola. (1993) The Legend of Robert Johnson Free Animation of the famous bluesman's fabled deal with the devil. (2011) The Mascot Free This 1934 film by the Russian animator Wladyslaw Starewicz pioneered a number of stop animation techniques, making it a seminal film in the history of animation. (1934) The Metamorphosis of Mr. Samsa Free A wonderful sand animation of the classic Kafka story, The Metamorphosis. Made by Caroline Leaf. (1977) The Miracle of Flight Free A cutout animation by Terry Gilliam. Made in the style of (but separately from) Monty Python. (1974) The Nightmare Before Christmas Free Christopher Lee narrates a beautiful animation of Tim Burton’s poem, Nightmare Before Christmas. The Nose Free Created by Alexander Alexeieff and Claire Parker, this animation uses an amazing pinscreen technique to adapt Nikolai Gogol's classic story. (1963) The Old Man and the Sea Free Aleksandr Petrov won the Academy Award for Short Film for this film that follows the plot of Ernest Hemingway’s classic 1952 novella. Made of 29,000 images painted on glass. (1999) The Rime of the Ancient Mariner Free Experimental film created by Larry Jordan, an independent filmmaker who tried to marry “the classic engravings of Gustave Doré to the classic poem by Samuel Taylor Coleridge through a classic narrator: Orson Welles. (1977) The Romance of Transportation in Canada Free Created by influential Canadian filmmaker Colin Low, this animation won a Short Film Palme d’Or at the Cannes Film Festival. (1952) The Sand Castle Free Short animated film about the sandman and the creatures he sculpts out of sand. 1977 Oscar-winner for Best Animated Short Film. The Selfish Giant Free An Oscar-nominated animated version of Oscar Wilde's children's story by the same title. (1971) The Single Life Free A short Oscar nominated animation about how music--particularly vinyl records--can transport us to magical places. (2015) The Sinking of the Lusitania Free Early animator Winsor McCay documents in minutes the sinking of the RMS Lusitania. (1918) The Spirit of '43 Free Disney propaganda film made for the American government. Features Donald Duck. (1943) The Star of Bethlehem Free Made by legendary German animator Lotte Reiniger, this short uses silhouette animation to tell the Christmas story. (1956) The Story Of Menstruation Free Walt Disney’s sex ed film was shown to millions of American students from the 1940s to the 1960s. (1946) The Story of Stuff Free Animated fact-filled look at the underside of our production and consumption patterns. (2007) The Tale and the Fox Free Ladislas Starevich’s classic animation of a German folktale adapted by Goethe. (1937) The Tell-Tale Heart Free Animated version of Edgar Allan Poe's classic from 1953. Narrated by James Mason. There Will Come Soft Rain Free A Ray Bradbury story adapted by Uzbek director Nazim Tyuhladziev. Second video down. (1984) The World of Stainboy Free A series of flash animation shorts created by Tim Burton and animated by Flinch Studio. (2000) Tin Toy Free John Lasseter created this Oscar-winning short film in 1988 at Pixar. It was the beginning of the company's transition into being a premier animation studio. Tom Waits for No One Free A Tom Waits music video made with pioneering animation. Made with 5,500 rotoscoped frames, the film help John Lamb win an Oscar for Scientific Technical Achievement. (1979) Toot, Whistle, Plunk and Boom Free Disney's music education film. First cartoon released in widescreen CinemaScope. Wins 1954 Academy Award for Best Short Subject (Cartoons). (1953) UCLA Silent Animation Archive Free Collection of the earliest animations from the silent era. Vincent Free Tim Burton's early animated film honoring Vincent Price, actor in American horror films. (1982) Voyage to Next Free Directed by John Hubley and Faith Hubley, this short animated film features the voices of Dizzy Gillespie and Maureen Stapleton, and the characters wonder whether the world can avoid annihilation.(1974) Vinni-Pukh Free Soviet animations of Winnie the Pooh, created by the innovative animator Fyodor Khitruk. (1969-1972) Walking Free Oscar-nominated animated short film by Ryan Larkin. (1969) Why Man Creates Free Saul Bass' Oscar-winning animation on the nature of creativity. (1963) For more Free Culture, see our other major collections: Free Courses Online, Free Audio Books, Free Language Lessons, Free eBooks and Free MOOCs. 387.6k SHARES Facebook Twitter Reddit Support Open Culture We're hoping to rely on our loyal readers rather than erratic ads. To support Open Culture's continued operation, please consider making a donation. We thank you! Essentials 1,300 Free Online Courses 1000+ MOOCs 1,150 Free Movies 700 Free Audio Books 150+ Best Podcasts 800 Free eBooks 200 Free Textbooks 300 Free Language Lessons 150 Free Business Courses Free K-12 Education Get Our Daily Email Support Us We're hoping to rely on loyal readers, rather than erratic ads. Click the Donate button and support Open Culture. We thank you! Free Courses Art Art History Astronomy Biology Business Chemistry Classics/Ancient World Computer Science Data Science Economics Engineering Environment History Literature Math Philosophy Physics Political Science Psychology Religion Writing Journalism All 1500 Free Courses 1000+ MOOCs Certificate Courses Free Movies 1150 Free Movies Online Free Film Noir Silent Films Documentaries Martial Arts/Kung Fu Animations Free Hitchcock Films Free Charlie Chaplin Free John Wayne Movies Free Tarkovsky Films Free Dziga Vertov Free Oscar Winners Free Language Lessons Arabic Chinese English French German Italian Russian Spanish All Languages Free eBooks 700 Free eBooks Free Philosophy eBooks The Harvard Classics Philip K. Dick Stories Neil Gaiman Stories David Foster Wallace Stories Essays Hemingway Stories Great Gatsby Other Fitzgerald Novels HP Lovecraft Edgar Allan Poe Free Alice Munro Stories Jennifer Egan Stories George Saunders Stories Hunter S. Thompson Essays Joan Didion Essays Gabriel Garcia Marquez Stories David Sedaris Stories Stephen King Chomsky Golden Age Comics Free Books by UC Press Life Changing Books Free Audio Books 700 Free Audio Books Free Audio Books: Fiction Free Audio Books: Poetry Free Audio Books: Non-Fiction Free Textbooks 200 Free Textbooks Free Physics Textbooks Free Computer Science Textbooks Free Math Textbooks K-12 Resources Free Books Free Video Lessons Web Resources by Subject Free Language Lessons Quality YouTube Channels Teacher Resources Test Prep All Free Kids Resources Free Art Images All Art Images Books The Met The Getty The Rijksmuseum Smithsonian The Guggenheim The Tate The National Gallery The Whitney LA County Museum Stanford University British Library Google Art Project French Revolution Getty Images Guggenheim Art Books Met Art Books Getty Art Books New York Public Library Maps Museum of New Zealand Street Art Smarthistory Rembrandt Van Gogh Coloring Books Free Music All Bach Organ Works All of Bach 80,000 Classical Music Scores Free Classical Music Live Classical Music 9,000 Grateful Dead Concerts Alan Lomax Blues Folk Archive Writing Tips Hemingway Fitzgerald Stephen King Ray Bradbury William Zinsser Kurt Vonnegut Toni Morrison Edgar Allan Poe Margaret Atwood David Ogilvy Steinbeck Billy Wilder Archive All posts by date Categories Amazon Kindle Animation Apple Architecture Archives Art Astronomy Audio Books Beat Tweets Biology Books Business Chemistry Coloring Books Comedy Comics/Cartoons Computer Science Creativity Current Affairs Dance Data Deals Design e-books Economics Education English Language Entrepreneurship Environment Fashion Film Food Drink Games Gender Google Graduation Speech Harvard Health History How to Learn for Free Internet Archive iPad iPhone Jazz K-12 Language Language Lessons Law Letters Libraries Life Literature Magazines Maps Math Media MIT MOOCs Most Popular Museums Music Nature Neuroscience Online Courses Opera Philosophy Photography Physics Podcasts Poetry Politics Pretty Much Pop Productivity Psychology Radio Random Religion Sci Fi Science Software Sports Stanford Technology TED Talks Television Theatre Travel Twitter UC Berkeley Uncategorized Video – Arts Culture Video – Politics/Society Video – Science Video Games Web/Tech Wikipedia Writing Yale YouTube Great Lectures Michel Foucault Sun Ra at UC Berkeley Richard Feynman Joseph Campbell Carl Sagan Margaret Atwood Jorge Luis Borges Leonard Bernstein Richard Dawkins Buckminster Fuller Walter Kaufmann on Existentialism Jacques Lacan Roland Barthes Nobel Lectures by Writers Toni Morrison Bertrand Russell Oxford Philosophy Lectures FREE UPDATES! GET OUR DAILY EMAIL Get the best cultural and educational resources on the web curated for you in a daily email. We never spam. Unsubscribe at any time. FOLLOW ON SOCIAL MEDIA About Us Open Culture scours the web for the best educational media. We find the free courses and audio books you need, the language lessons educational videos you want, and plenty of enlightenment in between. Advertise With Us Great Recordings T.S. Eliot Reads Waste Land Sylvia Plath Ariel Joyce Reads Ulysses Joyce Finnegans Wake Patti Smith Reads Virginia Woolf Albert Einstein Charles Bukowski Bill Murray Hemingway Fitzgerald Reads Shakespeare William Faulkner Flannery O'Connor Tolkien The Hobbit Allen Ginsberg Howl W.B Yeats Ezra Pound Dylan Thomas Anne Sexton John Cheever David Foster Wallace Book Lists By Neil deGrasse Tyson Ernest Hemingway F. Scott Fitzgerald Allen Ginsberg Patti Smith Brian Eno Henry Miller Christopher Hitchens Joseph Brodsky W.H. Auden Donald Barthelme Carl Sagan David Bowie Samuel Beckett Art Garfunkel Marilyn Monroe Jorge Luis Borges Picks by Female Creatives Syllabi WH Auden David Foster Wallace Donald Barthelme Allen Ginsberg Zadie Smith Gary Shteyngart Spike Lee Lynda Barry Junot Diaz Favorite Movies Kubrick Kurosawa's 100 Tarantino Scorsese Tarkovsky David Lynch Werner Herzog Woody Allen Wes Anderson Luis Buñuel Roger Ebert Susan Sontag Scorsese Foreign Films Philosophy Films Archives August 2020 July 2020 June 2020 May 2020 April 2020 March 2020 February 2020 January 2020 December 2019 November 2019 October 2019 September 2019 August 2019 July 2019 June 2019 May 2019 April 2019 March 2019 February 2019 January 2019 December 2018 November 2018 October 2018 September 2018 August 2018 July 2018 June 2018 May 2018 April 2018 March 2018 February 2018 January 2018 December 2017 November 2017 October 2017 September 2017 August 2017 July 2017 June 2017 May 2017 April 2017 March 2017 February 2017 January 2017 December 2016 November 2016 October 2016 September 2016 August 2016 July 2016 June 2016 May 2016 April 2016 March 2016 February 2016 January 2016 December 2015 November 2015 October 2015 September 2015 August 2015 July 2015 June 2015 May 2015 April 2015 March 2015 February 2015 January 2015 December 2014 November 2014 October 2014 September 2014 August 2014 July 2014 June 2014 May 2014 April 2014 March 2014 February 2014 January 2014 December 2013 November 2013 October 2013 September 2013 August 2013 July 2013 June 2013 May 2013 April 2013 March 2013 February 2013 January 2013 December 2012 November 2012 October 2012 September 2012 August 2012 July 2012 June 2012 May 2012 April 2012 March 2012 February 2012 January 2012 December 2011 November 2011 October 2011 September 2011 August 2011 July 2011 June 2011 May 2011 April 2011 March 2011 February 2011 January 2011 December 2010 November 2010 October 2010 September 2010 August 2010 July 2010 June 2010 May 2010 April 2010 March 2010 February 2010 January 2010 December 2009 November 2009 October 2009 September 2009 August 2009 July 2009 June 2009 May 2009 April 2009 March 2009 February 2009 January 2009 December 2008 November 2008 October 2008 September 2008 August 2008 July 2008 June 2008 May 2008 April 2008 March 2008 February 2008 January 2008 December 2007 November 2007 October 2007 September 2007 August 2007 July 2007 June 2007 May 2007 April 2007 March 2007 February 2007 January 2007 December 2006 November 2006 October 2006 September 2006 ©2006-2020 Open Culture, LLC. All rights reserved. Home About Us Advertise with Us Copyright Policy Privacy Policy Terms of Use Bio Audio Books Online Courses MOOCs Movies Languages Textbooks eBooks






